the hip brooklyn neighbs sprouting condo towers and serving artisan cheeses , selectively celebrating the borough's amenities while ignoring its inequalities ought to face that what they're buying into may be , in the words of one brooklyn real estate agent , a ' boutique manhattan . '
thatwordswordswordss the thing about autism . everyone is off in the corner doing their own thing .
the further up north you drive , the flatter the land becomes and the greener it seems . we drove close to the dutch border , as my grand-parents live less than an hour from it . it is also here that i passed signs to a water-castle and indications pointing out that the prairies used to be duff . gloomy moorlands that turned into wonderful green grass over the course of centuries . i can imagine pictures from my old history book in which people were bent over sticks and picked duff to make a living .
wordswords the irish pastime of hurling is not what most people in this country think it means .
you call concerns wordswordswordsalarmist alchemywordswordswords yet your own explanation of the magical 100 evaluation absurd . you claim that 60 of these magical points may include observations based on the danielson frameworks . thatwordswordswordss great for danielson and her company but may not be so great for kids and teachers . there are major concerns with this approach .
the victim contacted one of the residents there , who told the victim that a woman who lives with him there , bernadette d . tokoly , 55 , told him she got the items by wordswordswordsgarbage pickingwordswordswords and a garage sale . she was arrested and charged monday with burglary of an unoccupied dwelling and grand theft and was being held at the alachua county jail tuesday .
i think that a few changes may be in order around here . in fact , i already have a few ideas . for now though , i will continue as i have been . change takes thought and time . as i finalize my plans and put them into motion , i promise you will be the first to know . my loyal friends and readers , even as i experiment with this space and struggle to find my voice you always manage to lift me up . i may have temporary lapses in judgment , and bouts of overwhelming anxiety , but your support and love and encouragement are a huge part of what keeps me coming back again and again . thank you for joining me on this journey .
but , we rarely plan for anything off our 40 acres .
heddon-on-the-wall was brought to the attention of the nation when it was revealed in february , 2001 that the 2001 outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease originated from a farm in the village . this severely affected heddon-on-the-wall's primary industry which is agriculture . over the years however other industries have existed in heddon on the wall . these include salmon fishing in the river tyne , coal mining , the quarrying of sandstone and limestone and brick making . a number of blacksmiths were in the village until recent times . one still exists and is employed in engineering . in the seventies there was a perfumery manufacturing business and recently a brewery .
this ratewordswordswordss former all-time low was 3.11% , registering on april 12 .
hello ? moms eye ? (she was crying)
i plan on blogging regularly again . i really missed it , but i too busy with my new classroom . i'm finally at a point where things have settled down , and i now have time in the evening to write and blog .
7 . i think penguins are absolutely adorable and wish to own one as a pet .
i love the unknown connections just as much as the known . when i stop for lunch on saturdaywordswordswordss at the waterfront restaurant , i always sit at the bar and savor the most delicious food . ryan is an expert bartender and knows exactly what i like . i have met the most interesting people sitting there . including a very old man who insisted on telling me about a secret bar in town that has leprechaun strippers . okay , so maybe i didnwordswordswordst *love* this connection . but i was quite fascinated by what the man had to say .
for authors : did you break rules ?
the timing of our trip to the states was due in large part to the wedding of my very good college friend . it definitely gave me lots of ideas for my own , though not all of them are really possible in france . well , anything is possible , maybe " widely practiced and accepted " is a better term .
there have been rumors of warehouse fires . as of this moment in time there has been no warehouse fire . however , harvest is still underway and everyone is still at a heightened alert status , because this is the time of year for spontaneous combustion .
i must admit that i was a little nervous at the thought of attempting anything close to the peach cobbler , the first dessert of my project . even though the final result came out good , my clumsy measuring , recipe instruction rebellion and a plastic-wrap fight to the death brought on a little beginnerwordswordswordss dough-making breakdown . but all things get better with time , so i was ready for round two with my rolling pin . lace up my oven mitts and send me in the ring .
this cute little scotty wanted to play with a group of children coming out of the toy store . just after i passed the children convinced the little scotty's master to let him visit a bit . as for me , i had gotten most of the shots i had gone after so it was time for me to head home .
missouri's victory over the city oklahoma single next school year , the city oklahoma single is positively embraced by most of the largest mounds provided architects with near-perfect artifacts , as they were well preserved example of a possible rose bowl appearance , no . 20 boston college at home shutting out in-state rival was its 4th consecutive 60-point-plus win . the sooners ' sam bradford completed 30-of-44 passes for 370 yards and 4 touchdowns and then added another score on a 38-yard touchdown that sparked a 16-point last quarter over the mighty oklahoma sooners .
-- one in four pregnant indian women is beaten .
3rd cfl-2 fisher grant
this is an unimaginative and non-thrilling sequel to the 1998 hit the mask of zorro , starring antonio banderas as the masked hero of the suppressed . this time he fights enemies of the territory of california as it tries to join the union .
wordswordsjulius malema has been linked to another failed construction project wordswordswords a collapsed r2-million taxi rank in limpopo .
the third punch that strikes me :
you both took the same detour
this is your chance to prepare your next visit to france and enjoy what is second best to it : this yearwordswordswordss london france show !
go for a walk across the street in central park to de-stress over unfinished novel and anorexic bank account .
is there anything you wonwordswordswordst give up for the sake of faithful witness to jesus ? air conditioning ? running water ? respect ? a savings account and 401k ?
the emergence of mbak hesti with her beautiful blog , hestiwordswordswordss kitchen , is just like a breeze to raise the popularity of eastern indonesian culinary , especially from sulawesi . through her blog , iwordswordswordsm introduced more to the beauty of exotic eastern indonesian food . and , i never thought before that sulawesi food can be that pretty and mouthwatering ! ^^ . the fact that i love about eastern indonesian food is that it uses more marine product instead of chicken or beef as the main meat source :d .
he's a magic man "
those efforts have brought charges from republicans , including presumptive republican nominee mitt romney , that the president and his aides are inappropriately using the anniversary for political gain .
since christmas decorations are in the stores , i guess it's time to start thinking about halloween .
case 2 . as i was watching cnn at the gym , josh levs was doing a segment about using social media to find missing children . he showed this facebook fan page called missing children , let's find them . imagine an entire city being alerted to a missing child via radio , television , news articles , facebook , and twitter . finding missing kids would be so much faster and more efficient . if you know anything about missing children , the length of time they've been missing is highly correlated to the likelihood that the child is no longer alive . time is critical in these cases . this is only one way that social media can be beneficial to society .
attention ! if you have a problem with :
that is first off not entirely true . ..jacob needs a family just as much as the next kid and we were not the first family asked . ..we were the first to say yes . this incident is a special case . we were not looking to adopt . we knew we could not afford it and have been proceeding toward foster care . we were approached about this and there are circumstances that you don't have any idea about . god brought jacob to us . i know this without a doubt . the entire situation has been so beautifully orchestrated that it couldn't be anything else . i haven't shared the whole story because it isn't all my story to tell . ..i would like to leave that to jacob someday . i can assure you he is going to have a testimony like no other .
ummm no . i hate to disappoint you , but that magnet's been there from the beginning of this design . my friend debra got it at disneyland and gave it to me for christmas a couple years ago .
a nice easy project ! hope you enjoy . thanks elizabeth and congrats !
i am going to bed now . but here is the latest portrait i've done . it's so much fun !
then in a voice so calming , deep and wise ,
bonnie wordswordswordsprincewordswordswords billy : wolfroy goes to town
mary drops him off at home and finds a wig and an ad for a drag queen show . marywordswordswordss not happy , but he says itwordswordswordss just that wig . yeah , right . this is also when douglas tells mary that he has a kid , who he hasnwordswordswordst seen since the kid was three , but is still hoping hewordswordswordsd one day see him again . mary gives him a heart to heart as she always does to suck it up now that hewordswordswordss in witsec .
the full carbon 105 has a rrp of $2,450 (so probably $2,300 off the floor.)
however , due to the second emotional/relationship crisis in as many months , i was feeling down enough to give it a try .
we did visit both the school and the big boat ( witch mostly will be his classroom:)) and i think this is perfect for him . there will be so many new adventures and so many new possibilities for him .
wordswordswordsnot exactly,wordswordswords i mocked , wordswordswordsor else you wouldnwordswordswordst have kept it a secret from me.wordswordswords
the customer is not always right . and i should know , i spent too many years in retail ! as a designer , you do not work alone wordswordswords believe it or not . your business is a partnership with your clientele ; you both have a vested interest in the result . iwordswordswordsve heard stories of web designers or illustrators working for hours on a fantastic theme , only to present it to the client and a response of wordswordswordsno , i donwordswordswordst like it , no , thats not what i meantwordswordswords . and they walk out of the presentation at risk of blowing their resource budget , and perhaps their temper , mumbling under their breath about how little the client knows about good design . but where did it go wrong ? sure it may be an amazing concept , but did you respond to the brief properly ? did you communicate effectively in the first instance , did you have a kick off meeting , and did you keep all lines of communication open with the client ? when things like this happen , we often here the lament about the lack of creative freedom . but i have been surprised by clients who had been completely taken by an unusual concept because the designer wordswordswordssoldwordswordswords it to them . and why were they able to sell it ? because the client trusted his/her opinion , and why again ? because the lines of communication were wide open , the client was able to trust the designer , knowing that every move , intent , and objective had been communicated .
several weeks after we moved in , i led an expedition through the rabid-wolf-jungle outside the front door . our mission was floral in nature and despite the clear and present danger , the kids and i were actually having a good time . but as the sun rose higher and hotter , the children started asking to go inside and i was glad to have an excuse to call it a day .
i really canwordswordswordst think of any way in which itwordswordswordss made my life worse . my look isnwordswordswordst for everyone but it certainly never hurts to be considered attractive . i mentioned before that i tend to be socially awkward . if anything , being nerdy has helped with that . i may not be the best at contributing to a conversation but the second star trek or lord of the rings or harry potter comes up iwordswordswordsm the liveliest person in the group .
cools hj , van essen ga ; dutch society of nursing home specialists . practice guideline ' influenza prevention in nursing homes and care homes' , issued by the dutch society of nursing home specialists ; division of tasks between nursing home specialist , general practitioner and company doctor . ned tijdschr geneeskd 2005 ; 149 : 119-124 ; discussion 116-118 .
- golden eagles , cougars and wolves all hunt them but their worst enemies have been logging and recreational activity which caused the destruction of their habitat . they need a specific environment where they can hide as they're too chubby to run .
so i called her peggy and she gave me an odd look . i called her margaret , and all seemed okay . i said my name was nick earls , and i was the doctor who would be assessing her . she said wordswordswordshello doctor nichollswordswordswords .
blue states - the winfield audition
ok , hands up , who hates hiccups ? i am lay here on my bed trying to do a post of the day and i have cider hiccups , cider mixed with supermarket own brand dry roasted peanuts kind of hiccups , they arenwordswordswordst nice , they definitely arenwordswordswordst funny and i donwordswordswordst want to be the owner of any hiccups whatever style they come in , which brings me to the other part of my blogwordswordswords antsywordswordswords grieving , lows , highs irritable bomb explosion personality of jekyll and hyde , oh yes ok in a supermarket , get into the car and bang change heads and start growling at other half whilst he drives , donwordswordswordst ask me why i havenwordswordswordst got a clue , i just do it .
i'm praying that we don't rest on our victory in the days and weeks following this . and i pray for the safety of everyone serving in the military . mostly , right now , i am asking for peace of mind .
ncic number : u-960002335
there is a special intimacy about the front seat of an automobile at the beginning of a long trip . the road maps are still freshly creased . there are no half-eaten rolls of lifesavers , no stray bits of kleenex or candy wrappers , and the windshield is clean .
the critics say : wordswordswordsa sincere , wryly appealing turning point in the art of romanticised retrospection.wordswordswords wordswordswords bbc music
thatwordswordswordss not the case on just about any other piece of aerobic equipment . i can do a bit of work on the treadmill , but itwordswordswordss purely walking , for a short period of time , until my leg fatigues or fills with so much sweat that my gaitwordswordswordss ruined . and itwordswordswordss not good to walk on a soggy leg . just like a shoe that doesnwordswordswordst fit right , a leg that doesnwordswordswordst fit right can cause a nightmare of rashes and blisters .
politicians know all about poetic speaking . when barack obama gives his televised address in the oval office , he is myth-casting and he knows it . mlkwordswordswordss speech before the lincoln memorial on august 28 1963 is also an example of a poetic truth-event . for journalists and critics , poetic speech from politicians and political candidates is bread and butter . critics of the media know a sound-bite when they hear it . i recently overheard radio talk-show hosts speaking about wordswordswordsgreen tapewordswordswords and i felt frustrated because i knew it was a poetic truth that i could do nothing about . at the same time , i know innovative thinkers and entrepreneurs could not create and achieve as they do without drawing on the resources of poetic truth . i am not sure about poetic speaking ; but i am generally in favour of poetic truth .
if youwordswordswordsve read this far , you really should just read the whole thing .
to fight and win
we knew justice antonin scalia may be on board for at least most of the law and even justices clarence thomas and john roberts . with justice elena kagan recusing herself , as she should , we could see a divided court at 4-4 . i hope this isnwordswordswordst the case .
that is that ,
wordswordswordsthe six and a half hours of audio i had proved that my son wasnwordswordswordst hitting the teacher because there was something wrong with him wordswordswords he was lashing out because he was being mocked , mistreated and humiliated,wordswordswords chaifetz writes on his website , no more teacher/bully . wordswordswordshis outbursts were his way of expressing that he was being emotionally hurt at school.wordswordswords
rep . duncan d . hunter (r-calif.) intends to press gop leaders to move his bill to include the number of individuals who gave up looking for work in the percentage of jobless claims .
marv laughed outright and gave an elaborate bow . his green and red plaid vest hugged his trim waist . wordswordswordsat least you canwordswordswordst say wordswordswordsyouwordswordswordsre a dead man if you donwordswordswordst tell us where the papers arewordswordswords.wordswordswords
to quote from the wordswordswordspress releasewordswordswords accompanying the new episode :
xypherous : shewordswordswordss far too weak , now ! and teemo is far too strong .
the truth is black and ugly* , thatwordswordswordss why nobody wants it ;
gaspe is often chilly in may , and near the water it's even colder ! but , gods , is it beautiful .
i don't know who's running the seminaries and my sample rate is admittedly small , but it seems that only the dullest speakers are allowed to be ordained in the church .
if you support a candidate - then simply support them , and do not attack the other side in such a way that the information can be used against us in the future .
moreover , that phrasing distracts from an alternative view : " the densest residential community in the united states " if built as approved , according to planner (and dddb board member) ron shiffman .
something in me snapped . probably my sanity . but i couldn't care less . nathan held her helpless in his iron grip . i might be short , chubby , and require a b-cup manzier , but i was still a man . i had to do something . in kings and castles , i was a level twelve woodland elf . unfortunately , reality had graced me with all of five feet , six inches of height and the slender dimensions of the pillsbury doughboy after a few too many cartons of buttermilk biscuits . i needed a weapon to stand a chance , preferably a bazooka .
obviously if they look back to find it suddenly sharply bent , though , it might occur to them that they just missed you doing something devious . this can undermine your magical kudos , but luckily there are plenty of optical effects and quirks you can take advantage of too . if youwordswordswordsre moving the spoon around a lot , itwordswordswordsll be hard for anyone to tell how bent it actually is , and you might be able to make it look like itwordswordswordss becoming increasingly curved as they watch , even if itwordswordswordss staying the same . you can see this sort of effect by holding a pencil horizontally in front of you , near one end , and waggling it up and down . the way the other end flops about will look loose and rubbery . (try it , and you can really see the effect . remember , wewordswordswordsre still not talking about stupid people . even intelligent brains get easily confused by things they werenwordswordswordst designed to be able to cope with.)
first up i should note that i had no idea what haiku was until seeing the mention in the current writers digest . my wifewordswordswordss comments on the matter were to roll her eyes , and say wordswordswordshow have you never heard of that , i did that in 5th grade maybe ? wordswordswords . i could only give her a withered look and reply with wordswordswordsiwordswordswordsm not american , with your daft schooling and stuffwordswordswords . it may be that i did it myself at school and forgotten about it . it seems like so many years ago and probably was .
i am absolutely in love with this song ! i have been very back and forth about maroon 5 in the past , only liking about half of each of their previous albums and , while that may still prove to be the case with their upcoming record , the past two singles they have released from this new record have been absolutely stunning ! i am definitely loving them moving in this more pop direction because it works brilliantly for them . adam levinewordswordswordss voice sounds so much stronger against a more pop sound and a beat , like on this track , wordswordswordsmoves like jaggerwordswordswords and wordswordswordsstereo hearts,wordswordswords and those three tracks , in my opinion , are so much stronger than anything else theywordswordswordsve done in their career . this song is absolutely gorgeous . it is simultaneously heartbreaking and yet catchy and fun to sing along with . i definitely recommend checking this one out !
2 progenitors
neither can septic tank supervisor , a profession some might consider to be a sh***y way to make a living or teaching proper pole dancing technique which is not a job for just any body !
getting someone to open an email , become interested in a new product and ultimately buy is not an easy feat . in this article , wewordswordswordsll go over a few tips for writing emails leading up to a launch , including tips for writing emails to other peoplewordswordswordss (jv partnerswordswordswords and affiliateswordswordswords) lists .
the most obvious of these details is pathologicwordswordswordss colour palette , a thin wash of lifeless browns and grays . the most subversive of the details is the music , a relentless , natural-industrial track which never stops breathing down your neck and changes from area to area . the most effective of these details is the children . pathologicwordswordswordss intro cinematic is three kids holding a mock funeral for a tattered stuffed animal . itwordswordswordss got nothing to do with anything , but it does kind of set the tone for the whole game . the children of pathologic are everywhere , and , as i mentioned above , theywordswordswordsre largely abandoned .
23 . daryl hall (hall & oates)
154 . kris is positioned as a rapper in the exo-m
i think it's a perfectly valid argument for a craft beer fan to say , " yeah , but we don't want them to grow ! we want them to stay small and crafty . " it's your opinion - beers are built by fans and fans have a say , and god knows , i'm all for supporting small companies because they are not multinationals . but remember , when a big company buys a small company in this way , the small company also wants to sell . if the people who built this thing from scratch , who devoted 20 years of their lives to it , decide this is the next step in the evolution of the business , you have to respect that .
like captcha . the little badge you see on my side bar is the only time i will take up alliance with robots . i don't care how many people think i'm paranoid , the robots will take over one day .
until the next post .
construction : carpentry wordswordswords this community of carpentry practitioners were predominately africans born in the caribbean with five of the eight of mixed-race ancestry . the apprentice was only 11 years old and the oldest member was 55 years old . the mean age was 25.875 years , mode was 18 years and the medium was 20 years , showing a predominately young community of workers . two members of the community had another african in their wordswordswordsservicewordswordswords . perhaps these five mixed race men demonstrate the middle section of what schwab (1989 : 28) referred to as a wordswordswordsthree tiered societywordswordswords , of africans , mixed-race , and whites , structured not only in term of colour but also psychologically .
chief among them could be the question of integrating autistic children into regular schools .
your burlesque cv/resume
contagion isnwordswordswordst about characters , it doesnwordswordswordst let us get that close with the people that we are watching but then again thatwordswordswordss no itwordswordswordss agenda . this is a movie that studies the world as a whole , how our systems mean nothing when up against our honest human impulses . fear takes hold , fear spreads , and there is nothing that can be done . i was so glued to this movie that time just passed so quickly . honestly want to watch this movie again and go through it slowly so i can see all the little details of how our society breaks down .
our goal is always to try to find the upside of dwordswordswords.hence the title of this blog . that isnwordswordswordst always an easy thing to do .
(jun & david , don't read this part) but what was i thinking ? i'm a freaking librarian with a small refrig and basic oven . i've only make food for my library , and this was a 125 person reception . thus , i got 5 hours of sleep in two days . but it was so worth it ! the wedding and reception was so much fun !
by mike warren
the pools are colder each day
i imagine the duke and duchess celebrated a quiet first anniversary , recalling their vows made one year ago today . i like to think the sentiments expressed between themselves echo this timeless verse :
small clean paintbrush

" so, " said the nurse practitioner , " you have some kind of skin . . . thing ? "
i learnt my lesson with my facebook friends . i had hundreds . many hundreds . but then i couldn't find the people i cared about in all the news rushing onto my feed . so i culled . i applied the bbq rule - if i wouldn't invite them to a barbie , then they were cut from the list . quality over quantity .
all windows operating systems are now supported including windows 7 64bit .
we have also verified other reviews online and they are 99.2% positive so we can safely recommend it and know that it is not a scam . many subscribers have bought it and are reporting that their results are very good , and they are satisfied with the purchase .
metal trinket : bobunny
mr . helm was the american linchpin of the otherwise canadian group that became bob dylanwordswordswordss backup band and then the band . its own songs , largely written by the bandwordswordswordss guitarist , jaime robbie robertson , and pianist , richard manuel , spring from roadhouse , church , backwoods , river and farm ; they are rock-ribbed with history and tradition yet hauntingly surreal .
people really enjoyed this pot roast , and i will not hesitate to make this recipe again the next time chuck roasts are on sale . definitely a " keeper " recipe !
2010.08.06 iraq baghdad 2 13 two civilians are blown to bits by jihadi bombers .
the decision for the appeal filed by samsung against the 9 august injunction , following the court hearing of 25 august , was rendered on 9 september .
any requests please fire them into the comments box


i am in the middle of chapter three of my romance novel , a montana chance . so far there is a fair amount of dialogue . i am fighting my internal editor who wants to go back and rework what is already done . so my pledge for this month is to just write the story , let the characters talk and get it down in print . there is plenty of time later to edit . ..honest .
there's a lot to love in ebbw vale ; the incongruously enormous , hulking scraping spire of christ church , dwarfing the terraces , evidently intended to be a landmark for miles around ; the compact centre , with the unexpected pleasure of a festival of britain interior in the crossing cafwordswords ; another sadly derelict austere-baroque workers ' institute ; even the concrete car park at its centre , a fittingly muscular design reminiscent of gateshead's demolished trinity centre . this one was saved , but improved by being painted white and covered in metal wire . the public art here , sadly in contrast to merthyr , is pro forma , a swooping metal clock surrounded by steel balls . it was commissioned the year after the steelworks closed ; the site is still being cleared for impending ' regeneration' . these things always feel like a sop , but the rest of the country owes ebbw vale and neighbouring tredegar a favour , to put it mildly .
happiness is not something that you can switch on and off , but it is something that you can experience when you associate yourself with things that make you happy ! take the weekend to surround yourself with things that make you happy .
unfortunately , four months later came the second layoff . the office was a satellite . the main office was in worcester ma , and the denver office , where i was working , was going to be closed . i cried for a different reason on this one . yes , i was still worried about money , and still worried about supporting myself , but mostly , i mourned the loss of the future with this company that i had dreamed for myself .
cry to you lord .
finally the dr . came in and introduced himself , and asked me what my usual dr . had told me about what's going on with my cervix .
i have seen a draft copy of the exhaust positioning rules . these rules are still subject to change because of an ongoing technical working group (twg) discussion to refine the rules . ross brawn in particular has made comments about possible loopholes in these regs .
wolverine #305
my first batch was watery and had a funky taste . it was so bad that the cat , who always finishes the leftovers in the bowl , walked away after one sniff .
but one of them , caiaphas , who was high priest that year , said to them , wordswordswordsyou know nothing , nor do you consider that it is better for you that one man should die instead of the people , so that the whole nation may not perish.wordswordswords
i made one with gold edging to mirror the gold in the cup , but wasn't thrilled with it . i'm also not thrilled with the placement or color of the sentiment . this card definitely is not finished . for now , though , i've given it all the time i can and must move on . :)
the riesling is particularly adapted to that specific climate . the fourwinds winery , a family owned property , has been distinguished with a gold medal at the regional fair . i personally liked their merlot , which should be kept at least three more years before tasting , like a bordeaux , to express its full personality .
the characters are also brilliant ! hanna herself is strange , as you've probably guessed , but it's hard not to love her and feel for her ! she's got such a great voice , and can be really quite amusing at times with her strange way of seeing things . rosalee is just brilliant ! cold and unfeeling at times , which will knock you for six , but it's great to have such a character that'll make you react and feel so strongly ! wyatt , hanna's love interest , is pretty sweet , really , but i doubt he'd like to hear that . he's clever , quick , and very powerful though , and a combination of hanna and wyatt together , well , it makes great reading !
then what ? what else ?
according to official figures released by the spanish government , there have been 161,463 applications for spanish citizenship under the new law since it came into force in january this year .
to make the whole story short : my husband had bought flight tickets for just the two of us and the children wanted to give them to me and wish me a nice weekend with their daddy . :-) my hubby had arranged everything . the children would be in good care and we for the first time would go on a trip just the two of us .
paper : pacific point , so saffron , chocolate chip (su) , heavenly white (papertemptress) , designer papers (ep)
i mean , the defining characteristic of technology is that you can (and are permitted to) figure out how it works . if you canwordswordswordst , itwordswordswordss magic .
4 shallots
gosh , i'm just sending you all sorts of places !
some is truly genius .
wordswords to 1 cup water
itwordswordswordss probably the last decent warm autumn day here in melbourne before winter really takes a hold , so we will work in the garden and try to get our vegetable beds staked out and planned . as a result of moving to the country and having a nice big empty back yard , i am feeling more keen every day to try my own hand at growing my own greens . i am inspired by my amazing best friend who has re-invented herself from fast-paced city slicker into a total greenie ! when i first met that gorgeous girl about 17 years ago , she was living in a tiny apartment in the inner city , eating take-away every day of the week and living the glamorous twenty-something lifestyle we all adored once upon a time . there were more martini glasses in her apartment than vegetables at any one time ; her staple diet was not fresh and healthy but take-away from up the street , eaten while sitting on the couch watching sex and the city in a tiara and feather boa . once i tried to go and cook her something remotely healthy (tomato & basil bliss in pasta , actually) and we discovered with hilarity that the gas had never been connected to her stove so we had to go for take-aways instead ! after many years of transformation and re-transformation she has become a total legend in the kitchen , moved to the country , settled down with a fabulous bloke and got herself into slow food , all home-grown produce and permaculture . she grows masses of fresh veggies , fruit and herbs , has chickens and goats and runs a cooking school from her home . brilliant ! more importantly , she is happy . she feels shewordswordswordss participating in society and in the food chain in a far more sustainable way , making a difference to the environment and the people around her as well as contributing to her own health and vitality . i love it wordswordswords and if she can make the transformation , so can i ! shewordswordswordss my inspiration and my mentor as i start thinking about growing my own too .
and so , finally , to fritzale ipa , a beer that was also recommended via twitter . fritzale is brewed at the helios braustelle in cologne , presumably by fritz renting time at the brewery , as are other beers like the freigeist bierkultur stuff . having visited in the past , and liking what braustelle do , i had high hopes for this , despite the daunting 750ml size . the garishly-coloured bottle lists amarillo and simcoe as hops of choice , bittered to a respectable 59 ibus , and a regular 5.5% abv . i'll cut to the chase . brilliant . big , fresh aroma , hitting classic american hop characteristics of piles of grapefruity , citrussy goodness . the flavour is certainly hop-forward and fresh , on a creamy fudge base , bready with the added bonus of pineapple sorbet , lashed with a luscious , yet drying pithy bitterness that goes on and on . masses of flavour , wonderful balance , and the whole thing just works ! try it if you can .
the chances of succeeding in premature absolute renunciation are exceedingly slim . that narrow margin is navigated only by those whose past lives are exceptional and rare . for the vast , vast majority of us , renunciation cannot be truly embraced without first fulfilling all our worldly responsibilities and thus exercise all our worldly desires in a way that simultaneously exorcises them .
i started the process with the ibookstore in early november . it is now almost march and i've gotten nowhere . it took months to get it " approved " for publication . now i am in a tangled web of insanity with their amazingly unhelpful " ibookstore team " to get it uploaded .
another student : make checking quicker (i later realized they were trying to answer wordswordswordswhywordswordswords . e for effort , but e doesnwordswordswordst have any points behind it.)

the staggering absence of jo ann and malcolm .
sophia loren said she was delighted with the experience that at first she was scared , and that she had wordswordswordsabsolutely no problemwordswordswords to pose for the purpose of dutch photographers inez lamsweerde and vinoodh matadin .
wordswordswordseach one of us is alone in the world . he is shut in a tower of brass , and can communicate with his fellows only by signs , and the signs have no common value , so that their sense is vague and uncertain . we seek pitifully to convey to others the treasures of our heart , but they have not the power to accept them , and so we go lonely , side by side but not together , unable to know our fellows and unknown by them . we are like people living in a country whose language they know so little that , with all manner of beautiful and profound things to say , they are condemned to the banalities of the conversation manual . their brain is seething with ideas , and they can only tell you that the umbrella of the gardenerwordswordswordss aunt is in the house.wordswordswords
we find ourselves at the end of these verses ,
if you're new to 500 words , you might want to read a few previous " bartleby " stories before reading this one as mackinson is a character who has developed over some time now .
for more information about how to get involved or attend upcoming events by the eames foundation click here .
human immunodeficiency virus (hiv) is a virus which weakens your immune system by destroying important cells that fight disease and infection . you can be infected with hiv and not have symptoms for a long time . during this period , hiv can attack your t-cells or cd4 cells which are key components of your immune system . over time , hiv can destroy so many t-cells that your body cannot defend itself from infections and diseases . when this occurs , hiv infection can lead to aids .
" decades ago our ancestors realized that it is not political ideology , religious belief , race , or nationalism that is to blame for a warring world . rather , they determined that it was the fault of human personality - of humankind's inclination towards evil , in whatever form that is . they divided into factions that sought to eradicate those qualities they believed responsible for the world's disarray . . . those who blamed aggression formed amity . . . those who blamed ignorance became the erudite . . . those who blamed duplicity created candor . . . those who blames selfishness made abnegation . . . and those who blamed cowardice were the dauntless . . . working together , these five factions have lived in peace for many years , each contributing to a different sector of society . abnegation has filled our need for selfless leaders in government ; candor has provided us with trustworthy and sound leaders in law ; erudite has supplied us with intelligent teachers and researchers ; amity has given us understanding councellors and caretakers ; and dauntless provides us with protection from threats both within and without . but the reach of each faction is not limited to these areas . we give one another far more than can be adequately summarized . in our factions , we find meaning , we find purpose , we find life . "
as with celan , kim writes with an obsessive precision that at times verges on the violent . the silence of the copious white space is broken by speech that is quiet , yet also loud . at this limit of language the word is stretched to its breaking point .
note : you will need to use your judgment to adjust the amount of topping depending on whether you make the original recipe or half recipe , regular sized muffins or mini , and the number of flavors you decide to make .
7 . spend some time together
when transcendental love of kwordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordsa awakens in onewordswordswordss heart , even a learned scholar cannot comprehend onewordswordswordss activities .
i placed this prayer in the front of my prayer journal so i will pray it on a regular basis . one morning as i was doing so , i thought back to the poem " a birthday moment " which , due to my poetry search , was now fresh in my mind again . and do you know what wonderful thing god brought to my mind ? he has answered that prayer that i prayed years ago in the light of the birthday candles . each one of those four children has now asked jesus to be their personal savior . what an encouragement to this grammy's heart to be reminded of that answered prayer ! and what an added incentive to keep on praying for our precious grandchildren .
father , bo xilai wordswordswords party secretary of chongqing and politburo member , likely to rise to the politburo standing committee in 2012 .
we all have our different body types , but it didn't look like o'neal spent the necessary time a professional athlete should have on his body as other great centers did like a david robinson . i wonder how much more dominant shaq could have been had he worked to keep his body in peak conditioning . how many more injuries could have been prevented at at what level he could have performed at had he worked to keep his body in better physical condition . let's face it , that " shaq versus " show was entertaining , but it really was the cross-training workout he was touting .
that can unify and pacify our undeserved torments .
thursday in photos :
my grandfather and i really had no relationship with each other . he died when i was 10 and i never really spoke to him except in a dream once many years later .
she might be a little old lady but she still washed the financing of international terrorism through her bank accounts that resulted in the worst act of political terrorism in europe of the 21st century , with 8 killed at the government building and 69 kids murdered on a summer camp with many more injured and maimed . no wonder she said her son was insane , he must have been to have done that to her .
it doesnt matter where i teach or how big the event is , i instantly try to find a connection to each person in the class because that is what matters . that connection is why i teach . the energy that a positive , hard working group can create is so unique and powerful . i felt it so strong today . as i was teaching this morning i really took it all in . 6 months ago i was afraid to get on a teacher's bike . i remember driving to the ymca , telling myself that no matter what happened , i would be okay . i remember how terrified i was , i almost didn't go . i remember the first time i taught at fly and traci threw me up on the bike . she asked me if i was ready and i am sure i said " oh ya , totally ready . " but on the inside i was dying . scared out of my brain ! the thing that i am most proud of is that i knew i wanted to do this . i knew i loved fitness and people and feeling healthy . i pushed past all of the fear and here i am today , feeling so comfortable teaching it feels like second nature .
until december of 2006 , sids did not exist in my real world . our next door neighbor called to let us know that another neighborwordswordswordss baby had died . it was determined the cause of death was sids . evan and i went to talk to the parents . their 2 toddler boys were running around in circles as we shared jakewordswordswordss story and they told us about their baby .
thatwordswordswordss not deny that young adults donwordswordswordst go through a lot of stuff , itwordswordswordss not to deny that the world is not , on far too many occasions , a desperate place . but where does it leave us , i wonder , if we only focus on the trauma , the angst , the trouble , the deeply complex and often destructive emotions and all the things that can go so badly wrong . as much as we need to reflect the darker side of life , it is equally , if not more imperative to focus on the happy things , the fun things , all the exhiliarating , wonderful things that being a young adult is also about . we need to find a balance . we need to find the balance in how individual books are written (grit needs to be balanced with lighter moments) , and we need to find balance in what is published .
1 glowered
jaipur is an exciting , vibrant city to explore - very much the typical indian city i had envisioned when we were planning our trip . not quite as huge and overwhelming as delhi , the population is only 3 million people , wordswordswordsjaipur was by far my favourite stop in india .
the last couple of january's i've blogged my ' best albums ' of the previous year . this year i'm doing it slightly different and it also ties in with the ' annual christmas lads meet up ' (oh ok , piss up!) . . . and what a great turn out this year i might add , as well as the regular ' locals ' we managed to get paul t down from london , john f down from brighton and terry h down from leicester ! top work !
my dictionary being inconclusive , i checked with a spanish native speaker . not only is the ' spinning ' wrong , but it seems ' sondear ' is catastrophically wrong too . it actually means ' to sound ' or to ' take soundings ' - in the maritime sense of to measure the depth of the sea using a long rope with a weight at the end . nothing to do with spades at all .
however , itwordswordswordss also a slight pity that its been laid out as it has been with barely any captioning . it could , of course , be argued that little needs captioning wordswordswords a bob marley tour pass is , for example , date specific .
the american lady in the next seat spent some of the interval expounding on the complexity of the time signatures in which they were singing their songs in latin and early english - i hadn't recognised any of them , though they were pretty - and telling me how successful the mediaeval baebes are at something she described as " renfair " in the us . this turned out to be a kind of transatlantic battle re-enactment scene ("renaissence fairs") for people who enjoy dressing up and pretending , but don't much like violence . think kentwell hall but with fairies and dodgy accents .
i hope you are all well ! i have a new baby card in progress at the moment , but not sure when i'll get around to finishing it - mr mojo always disappears when i'm stressed , and boy am i stressed at the moment - i am so busy at work , and i also have worries about eleri at the moment .
b- memere
and/or a bit of rotel or regular diced tomatoes for more tomato taste
the miles that have to be crossed in completing a long form story takes hours of work interspersed with those inspiring sprints .
i knew that sandersonwordswordswordss works are all interrelated , but i was a bit surprised whenever hoid turned up ! i had first encountered this particular character while reading wordswordswordsthe way of kings.wordswordswords after browsing around a bit on the internet , i read that sandersonwordswordswordss books are all set within the same universe called the cosmere , but on different planets . hoid is one of the characters who is able to travel between worlds , hence the fact that he keeps showing up in different sanderson novels . it makes me want to read more , as well as to go back to wordswordswordsway of kingswordswordswords and see if there are any more clues about him .
if ash had the slightest interest in seeking the truth , they could easily have consulted figures from the british beer and pub association which show that over 4,000 pubs have closed since the ban came in .
betsy and i have been to bald river falls , near tellico plains , tennessee , several times . the waterfall is pretty and can be seen from the road . we went to see bald river falls in june , 2010 , while betsy was recovering from knee surgery since she could enjoy the waterfall without doing much walking .
hate is love . war is peace .
smoked salmon
me : we can't keep driving up and down the streets of random neighborhoods . if we do , someone is going to call the police and you know i don't look good in orange .
i am in awe of those of you that can put into words so eloquently what you are thinking . ..making us all laugh , cry , think , and ponder . it is such a gift . my friend mrs . bee has this gift . it's amazing . you feel so normal when reading her stories , like she could be your next door neighbor or your best friend . not only does she inspire us with some real , serious stuff . ..but in the same breath she will mention all the things that make her life so imperfectly wonderful . ..poking fun at herself , bathroom humor , family tidbits , messes , and crazy food adventures . ..all the things that so easily connect us all as moms . and again , over at snapshots , morgan shares her heart so eloquently . she has such a gift for connecting her heart stirring moments to scripture and creating a beautiful learning moment . ..not only for herself , but also her readers . i feel so connected with her as a mom , as the love for her kids is so evident . and for kicks and giggles , she throws in awesome parenting experiences and yummy recipes . great blog to keep up with . the gift of writing is so powerful . it can turn a negative into a positive and turn a struggle into a hopeful journey . i applaud these women and am so thankful to have connected with them . what a blessing .
catherine tate - donna noble
i've visited dozens of post-apocalyptic worlds of every imaginable catastrophe : nuclear war , asteroid collision , viral contagion , alien invasion , ecological disaster , and socio-economic collapse to name but a few . whenever a new game is announced to be set in another post-apocalyptic world , there is a collective sigh and rolling of eyes among some gamers who then castigate the industry for lacking originality . while their complaints are not without merit , it seems to have little bearing on their purchasing decisions . i think there is something other than laziness behind this preoccupation with the end of the world .
*originally posted february 2009
xu guan moved quickly , grabbing up the shotgun and stuffing his pockets full of shells . he wriggled back out of his hole and replaced the barrel . once the barrel was back in place , he climbed on top of its neighbor and then onto the roof of the building . as he approached the roofwordswordswordss peak , he flattened himself and peered over . as he had guessed , four men with what appeared to be military uniforms and military rifles were moving in the direction of the building . the lead manwordswordswordss head was down as he scanned the earth .
i've decided not to read or watch or research folding or washing the flats in any way . i want to walk into this challenge without any information and see if i can get myself through it . . . creatively . hah . really , i'm doing this because i wouldn't expect anyone without the resources to purchase diapers to have the resources to research how to use flats . i'm not saying they wouldn't , i'm saying i wouldn't expect them to . i've also never really hand washed anything , so this should be very interesting . i plan to wash the flats in my machine with the rest of turtle-love's laundry , and put them through the drier as well for the first wash (before the challenge starts) . i'm justifying this because while maybe you wouldn't tote dirty diapers to the laundry mat , i see no reason not to take clean ones there . i'm going to put away all my " fun " diapers and the disposables we keep on hand the day before . come midnight may 23rd , i'll be switching turtle-love into a flat and cover , and we are headed to bed .
this influx of ex-bnp has resulted in organisations such as searchlight , hope not hate and other anti-fascist groups beginning to target the edp . of the 90 edp candidates in next monthwordswordswordss elections almost half are known to be from the bnp , and at least 25 are former bnp candidates .
me : wordswordswordswell,wordswordswords (looking down at the bottom of my boat) , wordswordswordsi guess itwordswordswordss a little damp from the drops of water splashed into it from the paddle , but i mean , not really . you ? wordswordswords
dear guy with the monster truck ,
speaking of the quellwordswordswords i only half-bought that plot device . it seemed far too convenient . far too dramatic and truly a wordswordswordsmust top myselfwordswordswords moment . i went with it , but spent the entire time rolling my eyes at the device . it seemed counter-intuitive to the capitolwordswordswordss goals to suppress and silence all rumblings of rebellion in the districts , and i think that is what bothered me most : it handed the districts a reason to fight , ever so conveniently . on the flip-side , the sequence didnwordswordswordst drone on and on about katniss kissing peeta and bswordswordswordsing a relationship , and focused more on actual action and strategy , so that was a huge plus this time around . i also liked the other contestants far more , given my ability to get to know most of them via the narrative .
it seemed once i got thrust into the work world full time as an adult , i stopped reading for leisure completely . but iwordswordswordsm starting to get my groove back . i have an entire list of books i want to read/finish in the coming months . i forgot how much i loved reading . and as a writer , how inspiring it can be , and if you are reading great writers , you are going to become an even better writer . most recently , iwordswordswordsve read the human stain , elizabeth and hazel : two women of little rock , haiku for the single girl (friggin hysterical) , and one of my all time favorites : the warmth of other suns .
i wanted another small project bag and when i saw the fabric this one is made with , well . . . .it was a done deal ! it's hand made , well made , and about 8 inches long and 3.5 inches wide/high . perfect for socks or mittens/gloves . i got it from an etsy shop : zigzag stitches there's another bag there i want , but i need to wait a bit . i'm hoping it will still be there when i can order . if not , it wasn't meant to be .
i knew exactly what i wanted to be
spludig vur thrigg !
but to no avail - on goes the cd . off sloped boy 1 to the other room . leaving boy 2 who at first appeared to be making a fair stab at repeating the phrases on the cd - " bonjour , comment allez-vous ? , je suis en vacances , je suis de londres" , etc
please feel free to leave your thoughts below .
cornwell , patricia . predator . new york : putnam & sons , 2005 .
iron stylus : is there any legitimate reason why this skin isnwordswordswordst improved yet ?
again it comes down to the true strength of photography being its relationship to reality , the truth and what we actually see in the world around us . so i ask again ; why on earth are all these awful , unrealistic messed up images so popular ?
well here at the mambo we have a theory . a theory that brings us onto departing barcelona pep guardiola and unsurprisingly , a theory that doesnwordswordswordst cast our wonderful press in the sunniest of lights . wenger , you see , like guardiola is a foreigner and consequently his achievements pale when compared to our brave , british boys . true , mourinho is no native to these islands but his arrogance and scheming transcended the usual jingoism , recalling as he did our very own brian clough . the response to a jaded guardiola calling time on his glorious tenure at barcelona was typical . sadly , a moronic piece by james lawton in the telegraph accusing the catalan of having wordswordswordsshirked footballwordswordswordss greatest test,wordswordswords a line sunk amongst a sea of daft drivel that largely implies barcelonawordswordswordss recent success was solely the result of an extraordinarily gifted group of players , is representative of a general unease in recognising the influence of the 41 year-old (see also here) . inevitably , the genius of lionel messi , xavi and andrwordswordss iniesta has played a huge role in their clubwordswordswordss success and enabled the practise of the beautiful possession-oriented style they have become synonymous with . nonetheless , such an evaluation is crude , simplistic and unspeakably idiotic . all 3 were present in frank rijkaardwordswordswordss final season at the camp nou as barcelona languished 18 points behind champions real madrid whilst the juan romwordswordsn riquelme-inspired villarreal finished 10 clear as runners-up . talent was not the problem for rijkaardwordswordswordss team ; messi , xavi and iniesta shared a dressing room with ronaldinho , deco , thierry henry , samuel etowordswordswordso and yaya tourwordswords .
*apologies for the cheesy opening . i couldn't resist inserting the faux-train conductor line in once i typed out the phrase " stop #7 . " i'm sure all of you understand exactly what i mean . stop staring at me like i've lost my mind , goodness .
twelve by nick mcdonell is a book i had hanging around the bookshelves for quite a few years ; the author was heralded as the new bret easton ellis/jay mcinnery ; it follows a few eventful days in the life of white mike , a yuppie drug dealer in new york ; i liked it , it had some really good characters , including two guys who try to talk like black dudes (they are white) and of course come off completely ridiculous ;
hope you all had a good weekend . ..we are still enjoying ours here . we had a nice long 4 day weekend here . it felt so good to not have to get up at 4:30am to start the day . we didn't do much , watched movies , played games , my daughter and i made some crafts . .quality family time . i even got all my cartridges linked up to my gypsy (i've only had it since it first came out) . ..now i just need to learn how to use it .
medical , you call it .
once we're sure the book is on the normal decline , we up the price to its sustained price . but how can we tell whether the new price or the natural decline is affecting sales more negatively ? well , we can't . but we can compare the next 24-hour period to the one that just passed . if revenue is greater in the next period than it was in the last , we're at least keeping royalties from decaying .
chef pbs
light square gallery
still , i would definitely recommend this book to everyone . itwordswordswordss a poignant tale that will touch your heart and leave you thinking about it long after youwordswordswordsve finished reading it .
in the pond , there is this large tree trunk that lies on its side , a casualty of hurricane fran in 1996 when the wind snapped a large oak tree into three chunks and threw the largest one into the pond . it has remained there since , a gift to the wildlife . everybody hangs out there , from spiders , fish and ants , to hawks , muskrats (at the same time no less) , and ducks . it is the inter-species resting place , the sunning spot for 10 or 12 turtles , and the staging area for birds fishing in the pond .
ok folks !
1/2 c . fresh parsley , chopped
humans have long posed a threat to the docile , huge-headed animals , which were hunted to near extinction in the 19th and 20th centuries because of their slowness and buoyancy after being killed (thus making them the wordswordswordsrightwordswordswords whale to hunt for their oil and baleen) . but there are indications that in the coming decades the whales will be affected by a changing planet .
there is more than natural selection involved in the events on this earth . a person who has not know jesus christ , the only , unique son of god , canwordswordswordst understand the care motivation that true followers of jesus haswordswordswords to simply love fellow human beings because he has loved us . jesus places in the heart on a believe the desire to reach out toothers but for no other purpose than because he loved me . that so goes against the grain of almost any culture you or i have been exposed to .
things are super busy , but i wanted to post a quick update before i totally forget what is happening . the kids crack me up with the things they say .
this book contains details of the leaked autopsy , interviews with the medical team members , review of what the hospital did and didnwordswordswordst do wordswordswords not for the faint of heart
one friend who didnwordswordswordst get too lucky was an old college friend and ex-boyfriend who arrived home after a week in chicago to find thousands of dollarswordswordswords worth of musical instruments , studio equipment and gear swimming in his basement . he was prepared for it , as his neighbor had been able to reach him by phone and warn him , and luckily the water damage was limited to the basement only wordswordswords by about a half inch below the upstairs door . it was a too-close call for the rest of the house , but things could have certainly turned out much worse .
flight to the finish
pray to the moon when she is round ,
abandon ship ,
oh ! and yesterday i took a day trip to pennsylvania with a group from church . dennis took the day off and stayed with his mom . we went up to the sights & sounds theater -- this time to see the story of joseph and his multi-colored coat . it was fabulous ! of course it was ! we had lunch at an amish inn . . . the food of course was excellent . . . and of course i ate too much ! but i let myself do these things on occasion and just accept a little gain should it happen . i thought for sure i would gain after st . patrick's day - but i didn't ! it was amazing ! perhaps i will be so blessed this time too ! tomorrow is weigh day so i will know then .
like a patient etherized upon a table ;

when did you know that you wanted to be a professional ballet dancer ?
sketch archives : you can now find all of the past waltzingmouse stamp sketches all in one place for those times when you want to jump-start your creativity anytime you are stumped . take a peek right here . itwordswordswordss a wonderful place to start in you need a little inspiration .
it was quite a whirlwind of a trip that was completely fabulous and filled with so many special moments . nyc is a place i have talked about going for years and i am just thrilled it became a reality . i have no idea when my next trip there will be , but i can assure you there will be one . i'm already planning my must see list for round two . another broadway show , the empire state building , lady liberty and ellis island up close , the moma or metropolitan museum . i hope the next trip is a little longer . i want to be able to take my time , to really be able to soak up the unique vibe of this city .
my critters and i have always had a good life for ourselves . some , however are not so lucky . picture a household where domestic abuse is the order of the day . imagine being afraid to step away even for a moment from a life of domestic abuse because you're worried about what might happen to your cat or dog . there are situations where the prospect of neglect , abuse or worse can be the deciding factor in the life of a woman trying to do something about her own domestic abuse issues .
mike mcmackin had gone to oberlin , he'd recorded a pay the man session that ended up not getting released . i think steve immerwahr , who went on to form codeine , had some connection with him . initially we were supposed to record umber in january 1989 with albini , but orestes had a death in the family and we had to cancel at the last minute . albini ended up giving that studio time to slint , and that's when they recorded the session that became the 10 " on touch and go . so , i'm happy to have contributed to some significant rock history , as well as playing in this band .
i think my first project from the book will be something easy after all the cray adapting of patterns i have been doing of late . the eco shopper seems like a good easy project and who doesn't need a gizillion bags ?
there are a lot of reasons not to write anything . there are always reasons , ranging from the unavoidable (working to put food on your table) to the foolish (watching two hours of futurama on netflix) . since there are always things to keep us from writing , itwordswordswordss crucial to find time no matter what is standing in the way .
but for now grab a few tunes from the band below :
6.sweet brothers / i got a bulldog
the night before our one night stay at the phoenix we pulled up to best western and after a long 12 hour road trip we were ready to rest . it was centrally located in taos . after schlepping our bags up the stairs and into the room we checked out the room . it was small in size with two double beds close together , it had a community balcony and we got to hear the conversation our neighbor was having on the phone . not my idea of restful or relaxing . the thin walls offered the feeling of being in the same space as the neighbor , so we decided to go locate something a little better for the money being spent . we traveled down paseo de pueblo sur and looked at other lodging facilities ; we finally ended up at the sagebrush inn in the heart of taos . this property was so much better than the best western . it was a large room with a fireplace , patio , micro-fridge , king bed & a queen murphy bed . the room was more than twice the size of best western and maybe $50 more .
the doctor examined her and told her that she did not have cancer . this went on
seems to me , over here nylons have one purpose -- one only , ladies . and that is : to protect you from the cold . ok , well maybe they do occasionally dawn those lacy numbers for the sheer fashionista woman-hear-me-roarness of it , but they manage to make me feel like i'm some kind of ice cube who needs to be covered head-to-toe . is it above twenty degrees celsius ? then they wanna see some skin , biznatches !
you scare me because you demonize and want to silence the limbaughs , hannitys , owordswordswordsrelllys and becks who offer opposing , conservative points of view .
1/2 t garlic powder
and i've been chained in the hold of his dirigible ever since .
in a 9x13 greased pan , spread undrained pineapple in pan , layer the blueberries and 3/4 cups sugar . . sprinkle dry cake mix over this . drizzle melted butter over all . top with pecans and remaining 1/4 sugar . bake at 350 for 35 to 40 minutes . after about 25 minutes cut with spoon down through mixture in several places to let juice come up through .
as a preliminary to this discussion , i will consider in more detail what it would mean to implement option 1 , especially in light of recent developments in europe . i will then reexamine certain issues i first brought up in sgw to explain why i am now convinced that option 2 will never play a central role in de-islamization efforts . finally , i will consider what an escalation of the conflict between natives and muslims in europe would consist of in the absence of option 2 , how it might come to pass that option 3 would be gradually incorporated into de-islamization efforts , and how option 3 might eventually render itself unnecessary .
i donwordswordswordst think i can keep up with all the new social music and discovery apps that are out there . spotify and pandora are definitely the elder statesmen in this market and they are doing fantastic work . new comers include the very responsive audiovroom and the massively innovative earbits .
wordswordswordskid , what are you doing ? wordswordswords
1228 . italian hoagies & cheesesteak split @ the white house (atlantic city , nj) 6:13
i think everyone needs heroes , even if theywordswordswordsre adults . in my head , the heroes are all grown up now , and people who take on evil politicians and giant corporate entities . i wish there were more i could think of . they also tend to be highly intelligent . stephen hawking style . iwordswordswordsd like stephen hawking to be able to transfer his intellect and intelligence into the realm of politics somehow . that would be my modern day hero , and he could fly too .
first off , i need to decide on the most effective use of my time .
there is something more we should be known for . jesus said we should be known for our love for another . he said , by your love for one another will people know you are my disciples . we could start right there . in my estimation that would be the best place to start . (john 13 ; 1 peter)
and recently my brother in law just broke his back so he to has had surgery !
the iconic photograph taken inside the situation room offered the world the first glimpse of a national security team at work during the special operations mission . now , we will hear from many of the people in that photograph about what was taking place on that historic night , highlights an nbc press release .
not surprisingly , there was a great deal of excitement that surrounded the inaugural trading day of the market vectors vietnam etf (vnm) . the new vehicle began its journey on friday , august 14 , 2009 .
make the ear wire findings . we used a jig we made to quickly create consistent ear wires but you can use wire wrapping tools to create the ear wires . file the ends of the ear wire until smooth enough to slip through an ear .
we are both on holiday in kuala lumpur and are caught smuggling drugs . both of us are in deep trouble . we have been arrested and whisked away to this cold , dark place for a punishment that we will be sure to remember .
paul : oh plenty - the flanaess has no shortage . there's some great places in aerdy that would have been fun to adorn with some more background and current whispers and rumours - the blood obelisk of aerdy , permanence , rinloru to name but a few .
product- breville juicer , droid x phone
hey peeps . . . happy saturday and happy st . patrick's day !
were we to travel to the birthplace of the english language , yes , england , we would not be at home as one would expect as our languages are very different indeed . i lived in england for a time and found that when i needed to speak more english-english , i used my mouth and tongue more . we americans have lazy mouths ! who knew ? it actually takes work to pronounce words correctly . here is an example of the words that caused me confusion and embarrassment at times :
this blog will be about the things that i like and do not like i will review things like games videos music and famous people hope you like it
fifa general secretary jerome valcke accompanied by local organising committee chief executive officer danny jordaan were in studio with everyday peoplewordswordswordss sive msolo and freedom raphela .
wordswordswordsand then it broke . never to be put back the same way again . after all , with so much at stake , how could it be ? wordswordswords
he wants us to return to god , while he and 300,000 other people are prostrating themselves at the altar of nationalism . the biblical record is clear that god does not care about maintaining empires . he causes them to be built , and causes them to be destroyed , according to his purposes . that he has no use for blind nationalism should be clear from the fall of israel and judaea in the books of the kings , and of babylonia in the book of daniel .
this is a handy thing i wanted to show ya'll ! jack put this up for me after i described to him what i wanted . and yes , i do sometimes let him build things on his own ! i found this old discarded mailbox and had seen in a book how you can turn them into a kinda toolbox for your garden . it was his idea to add the hose bracket , which also works good .
i kissed the base of her spine , then one of her stinging cheeks , and when she was relaxed , i hit her ass again , then again , waiting for her to relax each time , alternating the slaps with soft strokes to her ass , and then to her pussy . iwordswordswordsd hit her 3 or 4 times so that i knew it was stinging , then i would move lower and gently rub her wet pussy to comfort her for a minute . i made the slaps precursors to the pleasant , soothing touches . it didnwordswordswordst take many choruses of that before she was squirming and breathing hard and hugging the pillow against her .
iwordswordswordsm not sure hewordswordswordss ever going to be able to pick out players through the lines with alex songwordswordswordss consistency , but in 2010 his passing was more assertive and more accurate than ever . it counts that for all the trouble diabywordswordswordss had since the last world cup laurent blanc is still hoping he can get fit for the euros .
all in all , we had a kick-ass time . and 48 hours after all that - harry potter , jeannie eating a cheeseburger (whaaaa ? ) , spending a combined hour and a half in a car with a guy named walter who thought our names were samantha and caitlyn , being spit on by chris thile , and finding out we could have realistically (not just in our dreams) had a drink with the punch brothers last night - i'm pooped . peace out y'all .
the simple answer is that i just want to be happy . .
i was , however , shocked when i eventually learned that each one of these women was married . they werenwordswordswordst widows at all . the truth was that their husbands would have nothing at all to do with the church .
notions of cultural puritywordswordswordseven when these do not result in overt racism , nationalism , and other negative and divisive impulses amongst modern polytheistswordswordswordsgenerally assume that there are barriers in space or time that seal off a particular culture , and nothing beyond or before or outside of those boundaries qualifies as anything of significance for onewordswordswordss religious considerations . this is particularly difficult where reconstructionists are concerned , many of whom get the branding of the wider pagan community as wordswordswordsfundamentalistswordswordswords because they have an approach to matters that seems not that different from fundamentalists of more widespread monotheistic religions . they assume that the wordswordswordslorewordswordswords or wordswordswordsthe sourceswordswordswords for their religion are in some sense infallible or non-negotiable , that it forms a wordswordswordsclosed canon,wordswordswords and that anything outside of it is a dilution or a pollution of their self-defined and self-policed wordswordswordstraditionwordswordswordsswordswordswords wordswordswordspurity.wordswordswords there is often just as much picking-and-choosing , willful exclusion of alternative interpretations or problematizing details in wordswordswordsacceptablewordswordswords sources , and other such phenomena going on when such advocacy occurs , even independent of being utterly blinkered to the realities of intercultural contact that often make our awareness of these sources as wordswordswordslorewordswordswords possible at all . no culture has ever existed in a vacuum of this nature , least of all the pre-literate traditions of europe in the celtic and germanic cultures .
people or drink . courage is no good :
rather than pick a pinot noir or gamay , the sommelier steered me to blaufrankisch , a light to medium bodied red wine out of austria . i'd had one blaufrankisch years ago and found it to be far too acidic and unbalanced for my taste , but the sommelier seemed to be really passionate about the wine so we ordered it . good call . the 2008 judith beck blaufrankisch was a smooth , medium bodied red with bright cherry notes and good acidic structure . it paired perfectly with almost everything we ordered - from the creamy hummus to the lamb flatbread to the filet .
a rational argumentator
mann makes his most evocative case when he describes the few works of pre-contact philosophy , poetry , and science that survive . citing a poem about the power of art to transcend mortality , a theme completely familiar to poets in europe and asia , mann contemplates the enormity of the loss to world culture when an entire hemispherewordswordswordss history of thought was wiped out virtually overnight :
university) 33rd degree freemason who was influenced by jesuit-trained
i've never used golden syrup , so i had to take a taste . amazing ! it has a roasty , toasty caramel flavor . don't cheat and use corn syrup ! !
the freezer on the other hand . . . . well lets just say im glad ive spent way too much time playing tetris throughout my life . . . . tomorrow is football/laundry day so i bet i can get the freezers straighted out . . .
go to kearsney college if you want to see how the other 1% live . if the school didnwordswordswordst have its name on the gate i would have thought we were in narnia . iwordswordswordsve never seen so many trust-fund kids in my lifewordswordswords and thatwordswordswordss just at the boerewors standwordswordswords sorry , venison stand . apparently boerewors is so 2011 . i was half expecting the halftime show to be prancing ponies or something equestrian , so imagine my disappointment when richard branson skydived off everest and landed on the field .
quelwordswordswordsdorai steed wordswordswords 100 championwordswordswordss seals
i'm kind of suspecting this little hiccup has more to do with the post office . but who knows . i'm probably going to have to make a phone call monday .
almost three years ago i decided to start studying photography . i decided to turn a hobby into a career . i wanted something i could do for me , that would make me feel worthwhile again and something that didnwordswordswordst require a lot of physical activity . photography was something i could work around my schedule and my body .
~ bummis
they find an apartment where one of the murders took place , and the layout matches helen's place , right down to the hole behind the medicine cabinet . helen snaps a few pics of the other apartment behind the cabinet , then decides to crawl through and explore . frustrated , bernadette just sits down to wait for helen's return .
just before i finish , iwordswordswordsd like to consider two arguments that were put forward by another elsevier representative , alicia wise . the first was that bundling protects some journals that would not otherwise get enough subscriptions to survive . to that i have two responses . one is that at least some of those journals are ones that shouldnwordswordswordst survive wordswordswords such as the notorious chaos , solitons and fractals . i think her implication is that elsevier is protecting the interests of journals in obscure but very worthwhile areas , but is it really those rather than bad journals in perfectly well-represented areas ? i would need further evidence .
bluegrass brewing company horse piss beer
i'll be back-- but probably not until saturday . ..maybe sooner . but , i'm reading many of your blogs . i feel as though i'm cultivating a family of foodie friends .
interestingly , this comic resurrection is happening despite two of the major comedians of the last decade at their low . while vadivelu has almost become persona non grata in kollywood after his political fiasco , vivekh is far from the funnyman he was in the beginning of the millennium . and , ganja karuppu , who was once touted to take the place of vadivelu , has become a hit-and-miss affair . santhanam has been the sole flag bearer and not surprisingly , he is the most in demand . now , post their good shows in marina and nanban , sivakarthikeyan and sathyan have raised expectations .
my baby turned 15 yesterday .
and nasa .
arlene rust - 13
kate : what kind of reader would this story most appeal to , and why ?
but talking about him as an influence is very , very hard . it requires taking him out of context to see him like that . for me he waswordswordswordshe didnwordswordswordst dominate my writing ; there were so many competing voices . but during the harperwordswordswordss years , when i was there and he was still writing for them , when his copy came in , there was a radioactive quality to it . at any given time , there are only a limited number of writers who are operating at that level , who are sustaining that much weight in their prose , and we can argue if we like what they did or not till the end of time , but itwordswordswordss a gulliverwordswordswordss travels situationwordswordswordswewordswordswordsre crawling around on a giant .
i chatted a bit with peter about writing and agents--and how great they are for brainstorming and vetting your work (i couldn't agree more--shout out to agent vickie!) . we also talked about how kids shouldn't ever stop creating , cause when they do , it's sometimes hard to get it back as an adult . he made the girls promise to " always make a mark " -- which is a wonderful philosophy for kids , as well as adults .
so enjoy some of the most incredible cakes i have had the pleasure of working with - all of the other e-vents can no be seen in a beautiful online magazine which i have linked to below . the magazine was designed by nicole from pretty and print and will be available for purchase in hard copy very soon with a small portion of the proceeds going toward breast cancer funding .
if any other republican primary candidate - short of jon huntsman - had won the primary battle , barack obama would walk away with the presidency in 2012 with no trouble . however , romney's boring moderation makes him a candidate to be reckoned with in the general election if the economy doesn't improve between now and november 2012 . if we look at history , incumbent president's with bad economies and high unemployment have had a very difficult - if not impossible - time getting re-elected . and since romney has continued to tout his business experience , he might look like the shiny new thing in american politics , if voters think that he truly can improve their economic outlook .
and the erratic flights of crows ,
philip kingsley elasticizer ($42.50)
deena , miss subbing for pubbing
although mr . noodle and i threw down this thirsty thursday challenge to all comers , we must confess that our own thirsts demanded quenching with the other designated ingredient chosen by suzy of suzy's goodies : bourbon .
" history is littered with wars which everybody knew would never happen, " said enoch powell .
the historical use of picture books were brought about by noel harrington . it was made cheaply as wartime books , by printing the whole book on one sheet of paper and folded in a certain way to make the book form . each page alternated in colour from full colour to black and white . it was printed directly from a lithographic stone and each colour was individually painted .
if someone emails you to offer you a free lunch , an art workshop for your children , an afternoon at the theatre and a free vacuum cleaner , i'd challenge any of you to turn them down . dirt devil did just that this summer . and i'm not made of stone .
you make a choice too early or too late or
wordswordswordsfriend , i announce here in public : your sins are forgiven!wordswordswords
lewis schaffer : funny american bloke wordswordswords kath
i have just finished my first year at franklin college switzerland , a pint-sized school in the southern tip of switzerland , just one hour north of milan . itwordswordswordss a quirky place with quirky people and it was a tough decision to make to leave my suburban life for europe (but not too toughwordswordswords) . after one year , iwordswordswordsm in love with the school and iwordswordswordsm excited to go back and see all my friends and get going on another year of traveling . so far , iwordswordswordsve been to paris , italy , serbia , slovenia , croatia , montenegro , bosnia & herzegovina , germany , austria , and lichtenstein all in one year , not to mention copious amounts of weekend travels in and around switzerland . iwordswordswordsve been amazed how much iwordswordswordsve learned just from traveling , something iwordswordswordsve been doing my whole life but maybe iwordswordswordsm only beginning to appreciate the learning part of traveling now . this next semester iwordswordswordsm headed off to scotland . which iwordswordswordsm excited for because of a variety of things , but most recently because iwordswordswordsve realized they are fantastic connoisseurs of fiber , my nerdy and eclectic passion .
other boys joined them at cecil house from time to time , boys of high rank whose parents saw the value in having their sons spend time in the lord treasurer's household where they formed a little academy . we must set aside our class prejudices about such a group , and not regard it as we might today , as nothing more than a sort of junior country club for upper class twits . class division was part and parcel of the life of the times ; these boys were looked to to bear the burden of governing the state in their mature years ; for them , privilege was more than balanced by the pressures of grave responsibility .
i can read what the lds leaders are saying with a new perspective . brother and sister it is pathetic what those men have substituted for the truth of god . god does have things he wants us to know and learn . but they will not come to you from the drunkards of ephraim . you are being programmed to do what the babylonian empire satanwordswordswordss earthly government wants you to do . that is the main purpose of the church now . and they use access to the ordinances of salvation as the carrot and stick to keep you in line . sorry to tell you . your wife is insane .
luckily , the width was the exact height of the headboard . . . i lucked out here .
though he was dapperly dressed
i created them less than a month ago , just in time for my first day back in school .
iwordswordswordsve been stuck here on the property all weekend , and my plans were thwarted when the driveway froze shut saturday night . we needed a few groceries , but have been getting by just fine with what i have stored in the cupboards .
let boil for hour and 15 minutes
there will be a public ceremony and if you're able and you're interested in improving the community , come out and lend your strength and support .
my aunt nancy always told me to dress in my best clothes when i went out , because i never knew whom i might meet . this time , i hadnwordswordswordst done the best i could to make myself presentable . jeans , tee shirt , and a ponytail didnwordswordswordst qualify for modern chic .

wordswordswordsany problem on earth can be solved with the careful application of high explosives.wordswordswords itwordswordswordss from the movie wordswordswordsvalkyriewordswordswords . i donwordswordswordst completely agree with the statement , but they were trying to assassinate hitler , so i think they had a good point .
i thought that was lovely and just wanted to share it with you . herewordswordswordss to a happy tuesday !
the one iwordswordswordsd definitely snap up is the offer on sainsburywordswordswordss blanc de blancs (*****) an elegant all-chardonnay champagne which has been made for them for a while by the reputable house of duval leroy . itwordswordswordss normally wordswords16.99 , currently reduced to wordswords14.99 and down to wordswords11.24 if you buy 6 or more bottles (which neednwordswordswordst all be champagne) .
this will indeed make following the blogs i follow easier . i may add a few more as soon as i can spend a bit of time searching out new art that i love ! and yes , finally my blogspot dashboard came back . how ? i'm not sure but i did a net search for blogspot , clicked on it , and it brought me to the dashboard . after months of not being able to access it .
be sad and disappointed in oneself . but , also remember that most of my freshmen havenwordswordswordst dropped out and that my seniors are more ready for college than they were a year ago .
sometimes i find myself thinking about life , the universe and everything as i drive from school to school , as i do in the course of my work . the other day as i was driving along (somewhere just outside bedale , i think) it struck me that i have been a vegetarian most of my life . i went through a comparitively brief period eating fish as well as vegetable matter (during which i was , i suppose a piscatarian) but felt uneasy about it , and went back to being vegetarian .

me , in lovely london , england accent ;
that jesus would dance with me .
" bugsy , whaddaya doin ' ? "
according to our realtor , who moved here from louisiana 15 years ago , just as those who live at the equator acclimate to the heat and humidity , people in alaska acclimate to the cold . i took great comfort in hearing this , because while i know i could get used to the hassle of putting on 12 layers just to get the mail at the end of the driveway , it's encouraging to think that eventually , i won't have to run everywhere if i'm outside between october and may . a couple of natives have told us that during breakup (what folks in the fairbanks area call spring) , when the temperature gets in the 20s and 30s , residents will break out the shorts and flip flops . i suppose after enduring temps in the -40s and -50s (what we're supposed to see here in january) , weather just under freezing probably does feel like summer has arrived .
it's taken over two years for the stonemasons to stabilise and repair the gable to its full spiffiness but they've done a good job .
car accident
i laughed so hard . we truly have the best therapist ever ! not only does she deal with e , she also cleans up , helps with meals , and sends out people to scout for elbow replacements for us . it just doesn't get better than that !
i suppose this concept is possible in a metaphysical sense , and i also suppose it's conceivable to patent such things from a section 101 standpoint (although i have serious reservations - i'm not seeing the " concrete , tangible result " here) . but how on earth would you claim such things to get around all the 112 issues . while the site claims that terms like " trusts" , " believes" , " desires " and " futile " are not ambiguous , i can't see how one can take such a position . since you're claiming from the vantage point of the character , who would be " a person having ordinary skill in the art " for making such an interpretation - the character or the author ? if my storyline has the character " suspecting " instead of " believing" , do i escape infringement ? is it an equivalent ? how do i determine if a claim element is enabled ? how would means-plus-function be interpreted in such situations ?
as you can see my left arm is coming along , i've had a button corsage added with purple tea splashing around it . which will make plenty more sense when the teapot is added . my flamingos are half finished , eyes and touch ups are needed . after all the healing drama i had with alice she smooth and no damage has been done . . . thank god .
robyn had saved me .
our love of trying to market time reduces the potential alpha that a fund manager may be earning . in fact the investor behaviour handcuffs many fund managers .
thank you julie , this has to be the best find you have ever spotted !
so , iwordswordswordsve been reading a kindle . you know mewordswordswordsthis is a shocking event . family members come into the room where iwordswordswordsm reading and stop in stunned disbelief , saying i look weird reading that little piece of plastic .
4,000 years ago so we could take solar panels
at stelladellawordswordswordss girl scout meeting this evening , we had a lady from roots-n-streams who sells handmade items from women and orphans in developing countries to help them become self-sufficient . she gave a presentation which included pictures from rwanda and uganda . afterwards , the girls were able to roll their own paper beads from magazine pages . she had an array of items for sale as well . the craftsmanship of the baskets , bowls , paper jewelry and other items was impressive . i purchased a paper bead necklace & a bookmark made from tree bark for dq , a paper bead bracelet & small stuffed animal for sd and a paper bead bracelet and this exquisitely made miniature basket ornament for myself .
i like the squabbles . that they donwordswordswordst see eye to eye at first .
kids and pets are a huge responsibility . this is a great book for first time readers who love dogs . this great book can open up conversation with kids and parents in regards to caring for pets and also sharing pets . lively illustrations bring this story to life . simple sentences will have
this beer is another in my line of dumas inspired beers . i had been tinkering with the idea of a mazarin inspired beer for awhile , and i wanted something with hints of italy (wine yeast) , a bit of nuttiness and a deep red color . luckily i had a bunch of sour cherry juice that i needed to use up , and not a single lambic/etc ready for fruit . generally i'm not a big proponent of fruit in non-sour beers , but i think that i might be slowly drifting away from that . it's really interesting to look at what ive brewed over the years , you can really identify different influences and interests that send me in one direction only to move away from it several months later .
the older generation , often times , disagree with modern parenting . my parents never utter a single word in front of my children when i am disciplining them , but out of their earshot ? oh , watch out ! they make it very clear , i am too harsh and i shouldnwordswordswordst have taken away privileges for not putting away toys even after the umpteenth reminder . wordswordswordsthey are only children , they will learn!wordswordswords learn how ? if i always pick up after them , i donwordswordswordst see them learning anything ! they need to know that action or inaction in this particular case , has consequences . anyway , i am very grateful , they donwordswordswordst undermine my parenting but many are not as lucky as i . i have heard stories of how the mother or the mother in law reprimand the parent , in front of the child , for disciplining him or her . what kind of mixed message is the child getting in that case ? the child is the real sufferer here since this is what she understands,wordswordswordsi can make a bad choice , if my mom and dad scold me , grandma or grandpa will scold my parents so my parents donwordswordswordst have the ultimate authority over me anyway ! so why should i obey them ? wordswordswords
wordswordswordsholy crap.wordswordswords was all mac could think to say .
although i normally associate winnie the pooh with very small people (perhaps because it has been so abused as a nursery motif) , the humor is actually quite sophisticated and while it tickles my seven-year-old , his five-year-old brother's laugh usually comes one tell-tale moment behind . still , even if you are not in on every joke , the narration is beautiful and soothing . a good choice for days when a calming effect is needed .
but proponents maintain that the devices wordswordswords which are used by more than 16,700 law enforcement agencies in 107 countries , said steve tuttle , a spokesman for taser wordswordswords pose less risk to civilians than firearms and are safer for police officers than physically tackling a suspect . the results of studies of the deviceswordswordswords safety in humans have been mixed .
09 . cabin down below
the curriculum principle
folks , itwordswordswordss not a pretty picture , but i wonwordswordswordst apologize for sounding like a broken record about it in the pages of this blog . itwordswordswordss a crisis wewordswordswordsd better face earlier than later .
the other night i was scrambling to find some activities for the types of matter . and no i don't usually wait until the last minute to plan . i am actually very organized and on top of things , but it just slipped my mind that i was starting a new science unit , not next week but tomorrow ! so while i was searching i found some great experiments . i wanted them all to be in one nice little document so i copied and pasted them all here for you ! this mini-unit is 10 pages and has 4 experiments , prior knowledge activity , essential knowledge/concept , and an observation booklet .
wordswordswordsthey have prostituted pan-arabism .
unfortunately , jason and i don't have too many pictures of just the two of us.once you have a kid , you find that most of your pictures are of either you or your spouse with your child . since i don't think it'd be a great idea to teach aidan how to use our expensive camera , we don't have very many pictures of jason and i together .
the characters arenwordswordswordst all likeable but they are incredibly believable . stephen is someone you sympathise with , cringe at and want to help out . josh you come to detest but you get caught up in it and as soon as i started this book at an airport i finished it on the flight .
one,two,three . ..pause . ..one , two . ..pause . ..one , two , three . . . .
january 23 , 2011 (ap is roughly 4 months . since she is the youngest and i am constantly in denial about her growing up , we didn't even put her in the jump up till now . . . not that she's anywhere big enough now , but we did wait another month.)
someday , and that day may never come , iwordswordswordsll call upon you to do a service for me . ~vito corleone
and you will write
miz gould keil's unidentified source snitched to her that the board took umbrage with the number of the sheikh's wives (2) , the number of children (15) and the " boatload of staffers " that typically accompany the qatari diplomat wherever he goes . " 'it's just too complicated,' " explained miz gould keil's source .
4) turn off the heat completely .
our charming waiter , rommel , could not be faulted for his friendly attentiveness . when we heard about his napkin-folding skills , he succumbed to our requests and quickly made us a pair of courting swans , the body of which involves a structure that could double as the sydney opera house .
to keep it real here . ..do not let the sweet pictures of ava deceive you . she was not on her best behavior per say . trying to teach a two year old . ..you can not always get what you want . not necessarily the easiest thing . but fun we had . ..happy birthday levi !
wordswordswordscause if you love ' em then you should put a sling on ' em
i also cut a larger circle out of heavyweight cardboard . it was about 8 inches in diameter so that it would support the cones well . i covered it with two pages from the book for a finished backside . i also glued ribbon onto the large round before i started gluing cones . . . . i almost forgot this step which would have made it rather difficult to hang when finished !
the fact that pollak seriously thinks that thabo mbeki is at least the equal of those other three in terms of leadership performance tells me more about the origin of this line of crap than anything he could say in its defense . none of that matters , though , because you know who else used the word wordswordswordsforward ? wordswordswords no worries , jim hoftwordswordswordss got us covered there :
it said scores of countries faced the possibility of social unrest , particularly those in the eu and the arab region .
more fun pictures . . .
another part of the myth is the several set of stairs carved into the rock around the site , a quick email to the boffins at elvina confirmed that these stairs were carved by e.f gilford back in the 1930's .
argentian cowboys usually living in the pampas , or flat , dry land in the countryside .
half a century later , the journal shows up in a yard sale and finds its way into the lives of three suburban wives , all struggling with identity and marriage . linda must face a summer with her 10-year-old spoiled step-daughter ; christine , after struggling with years of infertility , finds out she is pregnant at the same time her husband is suspected of murder ; and audrey , whose husband has become a health-nut , falls into an affair that gives her life new meaning . mala's journal speaks to each woman in a different way , and they all try a spell to solve a problem in their lives .
then there are all the unsung heroes - the chartists , the coal miners , the ban the bomb demonstrators , the lost soldiers from anonymous streets , the suffragettes , the helpful neighbours and the animal rescuers . we should also be proud of their stories for they are the true bones of english society , the hidden foundations .
there's always a debate burbling in the background about stylistic definitions but my life is too short to go there . these are the categories the organisers have defined and we've got to live with them , however vague they are .
wordswordswordsi think that her being gay has nothing to do with her coaching skills,wordswordswords parent tiniqua smith told kdaf . wordswordswordsshe has not tried to push this off on the kids , and i donwordswordswordst feel like that should be a problem.wordswordswords
disgruntled ex employee or mole . 75 to 1
as i stood one morning in front of vesuvio's , which had closed for business , a woman approached me and was horrified . she expressed extreme dismay that such a legendary , iconic merchant would go out of business in new york city . how could such a thing happen ? why would anyone let it happen ? something must be done . they are pushing all the small businesses out .
while meat is cooking , mix up the tzatziki dressing and chop up vegetables for the salad .
for , readers might bawl .
huh ? whazzat ? wow !
thanks again mari and the creative card crew team !
after i got back from orlando at the end of july , i took one day off for vacation . i know , it's rare that i actually take a day off , but family is much more important than answering e-mails at work . monday , the 3rd we decided to head over to florence for some fun .
good luck to everyone ! :)
like most political fights , it was about power in the form of money . in this case it was the money from tolls . essentially , the law that created the port authority of new york and new jersey gave it a monopoly on the toll revenue from all bridges and tunnels that crossed between new york and new jersey , within a 25-mile radius of the statue of liberty .
iwordswordswordsm not sure in other counties but itwordswordswordss a very common idea , at least in japanese comics , sometimes men have got too excited at some really sexual things like a womanwordswordswordss nude to have a nosebleed .
i like really bad (yet really good) reality tv just as much as the next person . if it's mindless television , i'm there . but there is something that is so disturbing to me that i need to address it . i watched " 16 and pregnant " and every now and then i will tune in to " teen mom" . it is evident that being a teen mom is a huge struggle , and all these girls have their issues . maci is working 30 hrs a week , going to college full time , and raising a child mostly on her own . i respect her tremendously . amber and gary have a rocky relationship . farrah is rude , immature , and constantly complaining about raising her own child , but she's doing it all so i applaud her . the situation that really bothers me is catelynn . she was smart enough to realize that having a child and bringing it up in her house was a horrible idea , so she was strong and mature enough to give it up for adoption . ever since she made that brave decision , her meth-faced mom , april , and her jailbird stepfather , butch , (whose criminal record includes breaking and entering , home invasion and larceny) have all but tortured her and her boyfriend tyler about it . they throw it in her face and hold it against her every chance they get , even when the conversation has nothing to do with the baby , carly . but even that is not what makes me so upset . her mother is so extremely verbally and emotionally abusive towards her that it is really sickening . i am surprised that mtv producers haven't intervened . anytime catelynn has a different opinion than her mother , the mom breaks out into an abusive tirade .
2010.08.07 thailand yala 1 0 muslim terrorists kill an off-duty soldier on his motorcycle .
wordswordswords adr
character wordswordswords daisy get a gold bays on every cup in awakening admirable prix on 50cc
use that cmwordswordswordss mandate dad nepotistically gave to end apartheid , send delegations to un to end apartheid not flounder around being all wordswordswordscmwordswordswordsmishwordswordswords . vips are only vips by what they do . what are you doing about 2nd class citizenships in malaysia ? nothing ? wtf are you doing in dewan otherwise especially without a quorum to justify your cmwordswordswordss post ? speak on apartheid or be a ktk ii . equality only !
finally , don't be surprised when this issue becomes a significant election issue between now and next november . texans need all the facts , and they should tell elected leaders what they are willing to fund in order to maintain public safety .
i picked it up and opened it carefully .
a nice little housewife
rebecca wagner sytsema has co-authored several books with chuck pierce , including the best is yet ahead (wagner publications) and possessing your inheritance (renew) , from which portions of this article were adapted . sytsema and her husband , jack , hosts a website for parents of autistic and other special needs children , childrenofdestiny.org .
which i guess brings me full circle . learn to cope with fear , ignore the asshats , donwordswordswordst become a haterwordswordswordssounds good , right ? sure it does . keep cranking out the weird little stories , oddball letters to friends , song parodies , bizarre one-act plays , inappropriately fictionalized school essays , slightly unprofessional work emails , and so on . in fact , you know what , just keep doing what youwordswordswordsre doing , because itwordswordswordss gonna happen . youwordswordswordsll be a writer .
after reading less than zero and american psycho , iwordswordswordsm a bit of a bret easton ellis fan . iwordswordswordsve got a couple of his other books that i havenwordswordswordst read , but i picked up lunar park second-hand . iwordswordswordsll get around to reading his other books on my shelf eventually .
danielle was only 26 when she died , which i think it makes it harder for everyone to believe it . so far all i know is that when she passed she had pneumonia . she went into cardiac arrest at the hospital , and they couldnwordswordswordst revive her . she was a proud member of the delta sigma theta sorority inc . she danced all her life , and in my eyes she was great . i looked up to her , and i wanted to be like her . she was nice to everyone , and had a great personality . shewordswordswordss a college graduate from high point university , but was going to back for a second bachelors in nursing . the saddest thing about her passing is shewordswordswordss my aunts only child . i pray for strength for everyone because this is a hard loss for the world . just remember , have faith and we will overcome every struggle .
minh-ha , trinh t . wordswordswordsgrandmawordswordswordss story.wordswordswords the woman that i am : the literature and culture of contemporary women of color . ed . d . soyini madison . new york : st . martinwordswordswordss press , 1994 . 462-485 . print .
morning shift heads in
wordswordswordswhat if you fall in ? !wordswordswords
and that , dear reader , is the good news !
bonus ! sarai is offering a 20% discount on the pattern for sew-along participants during the month of january . please use the promo code mpbnegroni (it must be entered in all caps) to enjoy the discount .
newly released figures show that some councils have seen hundreds of redundancies since 2008 as public services struggle to cope with increasing financial constraints .
chinese five spiced almonds
mandeville , la wordswordswords i have with great energy read and re-read prof . clyde wilsonwordswordswordss essays available online . essays that move the real freedom loving journeyman to action in words and deeds . in this excerpt from the nov . , 2011 issue of chronicles magazine (a great mag to subscribe to!) prof . wilson lays out the best case for what the american revolution produced i have ever read . one cannot help but feel compelled to run or gallop to the local , burst the doors open and yell wordswordswordsthe fedcoats are coming , the fedcoats are comingwordswordswords and then begin the manly task of recruiting militia and pamphleteers to abate the attack . please share this article with everyone you know . beseech them to resist forwarding obamawordswordswordss latest birth certificate or the wordswordswordshow to stop agenda 21 for dummieswordswordswords guide , they will not save republicanism . understanding , believing and living as [r]epublicans is the true wordswordswordslast , best hope of earthwordswordswords this essay will inspire anyone to that calling . wordswordswords mike church
there are 3 learning style catagories , each scored 12-60 points .
our next meeting is fast approaching ! we hope to see you at the march 14th meeting . we will be at dr margaret huggins ' office in idaho falls . our meeting starts at 7 pm with a bit of social time starting at 6.30 . we will be making a big decision about our upcoming meetings , so please be sure to be there and be heard .
* excellent writing skills
if you canwordswordswordst handle it on your own ,
whatwordswordswordss required is to run an a.b.o . wordswordswords anyone but obama wordswordswords slate in each state , delegates pledged to vote at the democratic national convention for any candidate they like , so long as itwordswordswordss not obama .
joni was right- hewordswordswordss a loser ; stay away from him .
the first thing i did was take off all the doors , glass inserts , drawers , and hardware . that took a surprisingly long time because there were at least 100 screws holding everything together , including magnetic door closure mechanisms , etc . then , i gave everything a rough sanding with fine grit sandpaper . the goal wasn't to remove all of the finish , but just to rough up the surfaces so that the primer would adhere well .
he claimed the creature was about 15-20ft long with a little head and two small humps following in its wake . " it was like a giant eel . "
i didnwordswordswordst know who to call .
monday morning saw the mos heading back to work and me back to my apartment , where the cats gave me a talking to about leaving them on their own for 3 1/2 days . i think lila was telling me about all the fun she had , and pips gave me hell for not being around to scratch her neck and make my lap available when she required it !

this week , i decided not to do my usual , which is " no , thank you , go away" , but to listen , then tell them why the answer is still " no " .
1 konis
itwordswordswordss not about religious freedom . if it was , then the catholic bishops would have left it alone .
i have a friend who asked me some questions about my book i recently wrote , " as for me and my crazy house" . in case you're wondering what this book is about , you can read my responses . here's a sampling of the 5 questions he asked me :
wok charred salmon ($22++)
in the meantime , a variety of other options are occasionally available to urban campers . several artists have recently created unique camping opportunities , including the encampment (2007) on roosevelt island , and house of cards (2009) , a shanty timeshare inside the brooklyn navy yard . there are also a handful of private campgrounds inside the city , like pouch camp - the boy scouts ' private 143-acre oasis in staten island . for most new yorkers , however , the best bet for finding a legal campsite inside new york city is winning a lottery to sleep in a park .
but last year (seriously , it was a long time ago) ,
i wrote down the paint formula i used to arrive at the background i laid down (over top of the pages) , so i think i can replicate this , if anyone wants to commission me to paint one for them .
unleash the power of your smile by smiling . . .
happy days all-round . heeeyyyyyyyyyyyy! ! !
" i've seen sunny days that i thought would never end . i've seen lonely times when i could not find a friend . but i always thought that i'd see you again . . . "
and i doubt that anyone who is asked about their regrets when their time comes will reply with , wordswordswordsi wish i had watched more footy.wordswordswords
if you are more into mermaids , though , you might consider forbidden sea . i'm reading all the mermaid stuff i can get my hands on , and this is by far one of the best books i've read lately . great characters , dramatic action , and more--emotional stakes that are rare in a lot of the books i've read lately . i became very attached to the main character very quickly , and her relationships with others on the tiny island were compelling all the way through . only the undersea world was a bit of a disappointment , for it was made into some sort of utopia , yet its realities seemed less than desirable to me . besides , i don't believe in utopias . i won't tell the ending , but i admit it made me happy , open-ended as it was . i can't wait to find more by sheila a . nielson . her writing is refreshingly meaningful .
this does not mean , however , that there is not a very important question that clients should ask . there is , and later this week we'll talk about it .
this is why if i had a million dollars i would somehow gather up the rights for all the non-rereleased homestead releases , start up a reissue label , and get these classic records back in print and up to speed in the digital era . there's no reason why half the homestead catalog - if not more - languishes in out-of-print obscurity , and more often than not never made available on cd from the start . i'd also pay royalties , both earned from my stewardship , and unpaid from homestead's tenure .
mps stamps tweetie hoo puns
919-361-8488 m-f 9 am-6 pm et
the film was directed by first-time director amy heckerling . she would later go on to direct films such as wordswordswordslook whowordswordswordss talkingwordswordswords , wordswordswordscluelesswordswordswords , and wordswordswordseuropean vacationwordswordswords , among many others .
sooo silly . a caricature only slightly more ridiculous than the real thing . fave quote,"sometimes i think i should move back to wisconsin "
the big weekends for visits during the year are parents weekend , homecoming , corps day weekend and graduation weekend . you can learn about the history of each on the web site . learn the traditions of the school : alma mater , cadet prayer , citadel code , knob knowledge , the ring .
when it comes to coupons i take them out of my wallet or coupon holder before i leave my house , i put them in order of the store so that they are easier to find and i put a c next to the item on the list to remind me i have a coupon for it . when i pick up that item i put the coupon on the list attached with a paperclip so when i get to the checkout they are all together , any that i didn't use for whatever reason are tucked back in my pocket or wallet (if i brought it) for next time .
thanks to everyone who visits my postcard challenge , i hope you enjoy reading of turkey , as much as i have.i always read and appreciate your comments . i again look forward to our next destination where no doubt i will learn even more of another country . i continue to enjoy visiting you all , but i'm sorry if i don't leave a comment , mostly it is because i can't cope with the verification which thinks i'm a robot .
prankster : $100 vip tickets (includes a special gift bag with the new book , the daily show with jon stewart presents earth (the book) : a visitor's guide to the human race , highland park scotch whiskey , conservancy-shirts and more!)
fairies are generally portrayed as human in appearance and as having supernatural abilities such as the ability to fly , cast spells and to influence or foresee the future . although in modern culture they are often depicted as young , sometimes winged , females of small stature , they originally were depicted much differently : tall , radiant , angelic beings or short , wizened trolls being some of the commonly mentioned . diminutive fairies of one kind or another have been recorded for centuries , but occur alongside the human-sized beings ; these have been depicted as ranging in size from very tiny up to the size of a human child . even with these small fairies , however , their small size may be magically assumed rather than constant .
i would like to endorse carylwordswordswordss position (disclosure : caryl spoke to me when he was writing the piece) and offer my own personal view that natowordswordswordss intervention in libya was a mistake (caryl does not state this view and my views on that point are mine alone) . i felt at the time of the intervention that it was a bad move and i believe subsequent events have added weight to that perspective . it is important to assess the outcome of the intervention in libya both for an understanding of events in north africa and the sahel but also because future interventions will be debated , and undertaken , some of them on the premise that libya represents a success .
on saturday we headed down to nexus international school where the warriors took on the irish in some weirdo version of afl . there were soccer nets and round balls being used - wow , they sure do know how to ruin a game (in my opinion) . it was a family affair for sure , loads of kids and even some dedicated wives behind the barbie cooking a few snags for the spectators .
despite the stepping down of mubarak as egyptwordswordswordss ruler , the egyptian revolution has still not accomplished weeding out the political corruption and putting civilians in power . the muslim brotherhood and scaf remain in control of the government , refusing to allocate power to civilian authority . come june , there have been promises that the government will be turned over , creating a more democratic structure . however , while many are optimistic for this future , scaf and the muslim brotherhood have retained power despite past promises to step down . the revolution itself has impacted relations with other countries who have provided aid to egypt and who hope to provide aid in the future in order to maintain some influence over its political development . particularly , the united states has been a large contributor to the egyptian government , including the mubarak regime . the egyptian revolution , though it has succeeded in removing mubarak from power , has impacted the local , regional , and global levels in numerous ways , including a rise in crime , residual and new political corruption , and international relations .
1 tsp vanilla extract
shortly after noon they had reached a height of around 2000 feet above the river and , exhausted , thirsty and soaking wet from the high humidity , found themselves at a tiny grass-covered hut . the two farmers who lived in the hut , melquiades richarte and anacleto alvarez , welcomed their grateful visitors with a meal of sweet potatoes and gourds filled with refreshing water . the farmers explained that there were numerous terraces in the vicinity upon which they could grow their crops and that they were also nicely hidden away from any undesirable visitors on the look-out for taxes or volunteers for the army .
in the cabinet i stashed things like fruit snacks (the gummy kind) , pretzel sticks , and the 100 calorie snack-packs .
i'm not the kind of girl who strives for fame or anything , but even i have to admit that it would be kind of cool to have people know your name :)
- raspberry truffle
behind the scenes , behind closed doors i have been battling . . . teeth . lil cs to be precise .
when i got home , i decided to poll my facebook friends about britax and to check out the britax reviews online . i was pleasantly surprised on both accounts . first , i had some very good britax reviews from my friends (this means the most to me) . then , the online reviews were great too . and thenwordswordswordsthe best part of allwordswordswordsi found the britax stroller and car seat on amazon for much cheaper ! score ! so , it has been decided . we have our stroller and car seat . one step closer to being ready for our little bun to make his entrance into the world . now , we just have to figure out how to install the base into the car .
organization apps :
what a glorious day here in essex , the sun is shining and it's even warm too . time to be outside really and not tucked away indoors . however i have lots of cards to make and little time to do some in , so i really need to get stuck in whilst waiting for mr tesco to arrive .
tom tom club genious of love aus
we you celebrated easter today or not , i hope your sunday was wonderful ! here are some photos from ours .
i have to be extra careful with mister man , however . not only does his asperger's mean that he's extra sensitive , but his teacher isn't the best at grading . she'll miss problems that are clearly wrong , and sometimes she'll incorrectly mark a problem wrong that isn't . that drives me batty , but i do my best not to let it show .
but only jews really belonged and had access . and the requirement for being a jew (circumcision) was a serious business wordswordswords plus adherence to many laws !
of pain may slowwordswordswords
and as i am likely to do , i walked right into the middle of a big ol ' something .
so , which of the two groups are the truly creative ?
your job as a parent of an unschooled child
i like it here , the weather is perfect . ..today !
11/14 - oklahoma city , ok - diamond ballroom
i separated the last of the tomato starts and now have more than 250 tomato plants . . . i can only use about 20 plants and michelle has space for less than that so i am thinking about having a plant sale next weekend . i attended a similar ornamental sale last weekend and it was very busy . that was encouraging . we'll see .
protective vaccinations are among the most important and effective preventive measures in modern medicine .
i chose " swiss coffee " since it's almost a white white , but just shy of it . i didn't want it to be so crazy white that it felt stark or clashed with the rest of the house . and i went with a satin sheen again , just as i did with the kitchen cabinets .
if the gods are finally helpless before evil , men and women must be more so . the heroes and heroines of the early stories face disasterwordswordswords this is the conception of life which underlies the norse religion , as somber a conception as the mind of man has ever given birth to . the only sustaining support possible for the human spirit , the one pure unsullied good men can hope to attain , is heroism ; and heroism depends on lost causes . the hero can prove what he is only by dying . the power of good is shown not by triumphantly conquering evil , but by continuing to resist evil while facing certain defeat .
until we address and change those attitudes and consequential behaviour , we will continue to see a trail of broken lives and shamed men until our youth are unable to function effectively and our prisons are overcrowded with sex offenders .
and as for more sad stories , gone away by safetysuit , the burn by framing hanley , and the balcony scene by pierce the veil . racquel once (yesterday) told me that all songs can make stories , and they practically are stories themselves . i've listened to gone away so many times , in a way , it already has it's own story , it just needs to be written . times like these , i wish i could be bothered to write . . .
for over forty years various barbados governments said wordswordswordsyeswordswordswords to a national park in the scotland district . to be more precise , the politicians said wordswordswordsyeswordswordswords when an election was imminent or when there was international money available if the words wordswordswordssustainablewordswordswords , wordswordswordsgreenwordswordswords and wordswordswordsenvironmentwordswordswords were thrown about like they meant it .
the pgr petition must specify in detail the claims of the patent being challenged and the basis for the challenge , with any necessary supporting documentation . pgr proceedings are open to the public unless determined otherwise by the patent board . after a pgr proceeding is initiated , the patent holder will have an opportunity to file a response . during the proceeding , the patent holder has one opportunity as a matter of right to amend the claims , and may only amend the claims subsequently on motion and a showing of good cause . no amendment during a pgr proceeding may enlarge the scope of a claim or add new matter .
because i am not yielding all to him .
eliot wilderwordswordswordss evaluation of shadowwordswordswordss career is based on several lengthy interviews he conducted by phone with the dj savior himself . covering everything from his middle class upbringing in davis to his first encounter with mowordswordswords waxwordswordswordss james lavelle to the critical adoration that greeted endtroducingwordswordswords practically from the moment of its release , this comprehensive recollection does a good job of filling in the blanks posed by that most mysterious of trip-hop virtuosos (geoff barrow notwithstanding) .
- jimmy miller : choeurs on " sympathy for the devil "
you are suppressing important information from the public . by filtering , blocking and burying vital safety information posted on this and other blogs , you and your company , google , inc . , are preventing the potential victims from making informed decisions concerning their travel plans , modes of travel , activities , and where to visit or live . as a result , thousands of people are losing their lives and many more sustaining serious injuries .
1) my biggest blessings are my kids and grandkids . i am nothing without them .
- honey took me to the doctor for the 2nd time to get me checked for the infection . he re-prescribed the medicine and hot compressions . it was such a relief as i could see the world outside .
oppenheimerwordswordswordss was continually wrestling with the advancement of science and the political and military use of those breakthroughs . oppenheimer wanted the government to be careful about how and if the bomb was used again . his public views on the subject cost him his security clearance and therefore his position on the advisory committee in the fifties .
i have added more functionalities in displayimage class such as getting co-ordinates of mouse click , etc . you can find it here on my github . you can also find some examples that i have worked out for simplecv there .
the advertising watchdog has hosed down a complaint that the 60-second television commercial , from the australian arm of us car maker chrysler , suggests that wordswordswordsthe man has had a sexual encounter with the dogwordswordswords after receiving complaints that this was what the ad had implied .
i sat there crying as my doctor touched my knee , handed me a tissue and gave me a piece of paper to give to the receptionist . i took a few minutes to cry out the ugly cry and clean myself up .
what i thought of the djing : the first time i went , beto ortiz dj'd and did , i think , a perfectly reasonable job delivering the basics , just as he does at his own milonga . i was happy to dance any tanda . the second time , nikki dj'd in between being on the door . she plays tandas and cortinas in the traditional format , but it can't have her full attention . sometimes other dj's are employed ; you can check on the website . the week of writing [sorry , drafting - chris jordan is djing the week of publication] , asta will be djing .
i enjoyed this book because the society was an interesting dystopia and because cassia was a pretty interesting character to follow . although there wasnwordswordswordst a whole lot of action or fighting or war or anything in this book , cassia is a strong , courageous character . she fights in a much quieter way that i liked seeing after reading a lot of very violent dystopias . she learns to write in a society that only uses computers . she memorizes poems that are outside of the societywordswordswordss 100 poems list . (the society has only 100 approved poems , along with 100 approved songs , paintings , etc.) she falls in love with someone she isnwordswordswordst allowed to . her rebellions are small , but they mean something much more . she is choosing for herself and that is the biggest no-no in the society . it seems far more real to me that cassia would start with small rebellions like these before moving on to outright revolution and society-toppling .
enter your contact informationwordswordswords and the website will open for you .
genealogy/family history center . if you are one that loves genealogy , salt lake is the place to go . the genealogy center will give you access to the worldwordswordswordss largest collection of genealogical resources .
mp3 bitrate : 320 kbps
helen opens the door to the baby's room , and finds anne marie in there . she chases helen into the kitchen and pushes her to the floor . anne marie starts bashing helen's head into the floor , so helen fights back , until she manages to straddle the other woman . grabbing the bloody meat cleaver off the floor , helen holds it above her head . ..until a small army of cops arrive on the scene , to corner and arrest helen .
one memorable day , i went on a tour of one of our plants with a large group of other new people . we all wore our best business dress , as required . this worked well for the men , but i was really put out at the impositions it made upon mewordswordswordscommon sense would have dictated that i could have worn flats and pants that day , but no , that would have been outside of the existing dress code for women . so , i wore a skirt-suit and heels . i stepped gingerly through the plant and wore my poor feet out on the cement floor . at one point , we were to attend a meeting in a room in the middle of the plant . to get there , we had to climb an open metal-mesh stairway . so , picture me with my left hand clutching all the excess fabric at the side of my skirt , my right hand on the railing , climbing the stairs on tip-toe for fear of getting a heel stuck in the stairs . oh , and donwordswordswordst forget the men passing by trying to get a peak up said suit skirtwordswordswords
perhaps it is the height of selfishness , but i hope that there is something of me in the presents i give , whether it is store-bought or hand-made . i would like my gifts to reflect a value that i share with others , not one that is assigned by retailers and advertisers . for the past few years , i have been making items - knitted hats and scarves , homebaked treats - to give as presents on holidays and special occasions , and i continue to do so this christmas . these gifts are tangible , to be enjoyed by taste or by feel , but they also hold intangible wishes for even more cherished things that i hope we all receive in abundance . with just three days left before christmas , i'd like to share some of these gifts within gifts with you .
*scholastic responds to vociferous " wha ? "
hello , poor little neglected blog .
venue : lecture theatre 1 , cockcroft building , university of brighton , lewes road , moulsecoomb , brighton , bn2 4gj
this recipe allows for substitutions in types and quantities . maybe you might want to add some beets , turnips or rutabagas instead of , or in addition to those used in this recipe . just adjust the dressing quantity and cooking time accordingly .
indeed , the day that the uk enters ecological debt has crept forward dramatically in recent decades . in 1961 , it wasnwordswordswordst until july 9 that we ceased to be self-sufficient .
mayall : but wewordswordswordsre both actors as well . in as much as wewordswordswordsre interested in acting . so sometimes we go away and pretend to somebody else for a while and earn some money . the basis of our ouevre wordswordswords that s the right word isnwordswordswordst it ? wordswordswords is richie and eddie . ooh-er-vre !
place the tofu onto serving plates , drizzling the sauce over the top and sprinkling with the green parts of the scallion and sesame seeds .
after spending quite an amount of time in the revolution , then taking you to church , i'm taking it easy on you (and me , for that matter) and focusing on new york in the movies .
the story wordswordswordsi once was lost but now am foundwordswordswords is the narrative that gives us a peculiar account of lost and found , a special responsibility to seek and to save the lost . if we want to be close to jesuswordswordswordsand thatwordswordswordss a good definition of a christian , someone who wants to go where jesus iswordswordswordsthen wewordswordswordsve got to go where he goes . christians go to church in order never to forget that we were strangers and aliens out on the margins (eph 2:19) .
now in being fair and unbalanced , please make sure skip to the last 20 seconds to witness the vocalize styling of truly the next american gospel superstar .
it wasnwordswordswordst like the rest of the world had grown more sentient , more ecologically-friendly to the shark population in the intervening thirty years . the animal population had shrunk in direct contrast to the increasing human proliferation of the planet . but tom was convinced that the shark in his school were probably the only ones left in the entire seven oceans with such a natural and unspoiled habitat . he intended to keep it that way .
iwordswordswordsd finished two different manuscripts in the time between henry franks going out on submission and finding out that the book had sold . two . iwordswordswordsd spent months revising and editing them both but neither one was ready yet to go out on submission itself . they still needed more editing and i just couldnwordswordswordst find the ability to do any of it . both manuscripts just sat there , listening to me cough .
on the kindle
the pcw competition committee has made their decision and it will be a three way dance monday night for the #1 contenderwordswordswordss spot and a shot at the pcw tag team title at lock and load next week . so monday nightwordswordswordss main event will be :
the shabby tea room winner - week #2 :
i started to make this card , yesterday , but got interrupted . . . . . . . ..you'd think somebody would have invented a switch that could be flicked to clean the house , do the ironing , go to the shops . . . . . . . ..it's the 21st century , after all . . . . . ..and i remember , as a child in the 60's , being told that all this would be possible in the 21st century , and we'd also be holidaying on other planets !
what is your favorite product to use on your projects ? oh my favorite product is 3d dots , gems , and ribbon . i love the effect you get with 3d dots and the gems and ribbon always add that extra touch .
taken a kickboxing class (at the gym)
it of course didnwordswordswordst hurt that these were 7 points that i totally agree with anthony on .
crying when you pray like this . such prayers are hard to shout ; theywordswordswordsre called
here's taylor swift in her favorite non-colour . i would seriously love to see the girl in some yellow or green or something not white and/or neutral !
trailer : woah , check out the effects ! brilliant work !
publisher : knopf
oskar blues grill & brewery one nut brown ale
as expected , both sebring and spa have been confirmed as pre-le mans rounds , with the le mans 24 hour event itself now featuring as a round of the cup . silverstone is currently the only round confirmed as a post-lm24 event . the notable omission of petit le mans from the schedule came as a surprise to many , with only a wordswordswordstba/overseaswordswordswords notice listed adjacent to the month of october .
was there anyone over there really staring back at me
those who did the bullying should be held accountable .
letwordswordswordss walk through backing up both the public and private key for your key pair . this is useful so that you can restore your keys if you have to completely reformat your system , if you lose your primary computer (say lose a laptop on a business trip) , or a catastrophic data loss event occurswordswordswords . like you delete your key by accident and find out your standard os backups are bad .
we held our fifth google summer of code meetup in the moratuwa , sri lanka area on march 17th . we had enormous support from the department of computer science & engineering staff at the university of moratuwa to make it a full scale session covering many of the aspects of the program that are important to students . we had almost 150 students (a record high) in the morning introductory sessions and around 40 students during the afternoon sessions that were geared more toward second and third year university students .
monday gave everyone a little taste of summer , which is only a few weeks away . if this is an indication of what is to come , long branch , n.j . will be the wordswordswordsplace to bewordswordswords from june until september .
please note that my dog gets in almost every photo . now the camera is away he is back on the sofa asleep .
published - 2011
doj has acknowledged the closing , and said itwordswordswordss a good move .
the photo for this card has been used a couple of times by topps . here is the other version :
some studies have reported associations between work stress and negative effects on reproduction , especially among women under perticular stress or in the presence of other risk factors .
so maybe the team will be " formerly known as the nets . " some news outlets are reporting that the team's chief owner , bruce ratner , is considering a name change . sports illustrated columnist frank lidz commented that ratner hasn't yet decided whether to rename his franchise the brooklyn nets or something less generic and more evocative . among the most inspired are the brooklyn bridge , the brooklyn bagels and the brooklyn heights . but the hometown favorite is the brooklyn accents .
but this doesnwordswordswordst mean other people look at her and think wordswordswordsoh god , shewordswordswordss brokenwordswordswords what will happen when *this* happens wordswordswords or what not , etc . etc . etcwordswordswords
round 5 : knit
visuals : apparently thorton insisted that no red be shown in the movie , as he hates red in movies (unless they are about the revolutionary war) . we did not notice this .
marcus sedgwick seems to be one of the authors that i forget all about , and then i discover another of his books and fall for his writing all over again !
**and so on , and so on , and so on . . .
modern art experts and authorities now consider that perhaps veronese himself was only responsible for the virgin and child . it would seem that it may be that the virgin and child together with the rest may have been painted by the followers of jacopo bassano .

my first stop was an accidental stumble across the san miguel food market (mercado de san miguel) located at plaza de san miguel . only just a short stroll from sol , the market houses many small stores which sell everything from fresh produce , meats and seafood , tapas , dessert and drinks . open from early to late (past midnight) , i went in during lunch time to try some local delicacies .
this was not the last of my rolling shopping excursions . after that , most of my other shopping trips in malls , departments stores and grocery stores were from a wheel chair for a while . for the next three years or so , my lupus continued its exhausting , crippling flare , despite the cancer and transplant chemotherapy drugs i was taking to control it . my lupus even progressed to where one christmas i didnwordswordswordst go to the mall at all , and all my shopping took place from my home office desk chair . that year all our gifts were ordered over the internet and delivered to our house .
help ! what does a 64-year old woman who has always worn jeans do nowadays ? don't worry . i'm not about to even try on a pair of skinny jeans . my first thought was to go to the men's section and buy some new jeans there , but even men's jeans are getting tighter by the day . give me a break .
this is the cake i made for her . this poor thing traveled many miles to make it to it's final destination . it was two days old by the time we were able to eat it , but it was still delicious . .if i do say so myself;o)
i love everything about you .
i remember being back inside at one point at yet another bar and walking through the dining room to get to the bathroom and how everything literally looked like this :
so i really wanted to write a post-holidays post on the really cool books that i received this year , but instead , i'm gonna talk about the books that i'm excited about - the books i can't wait to read .
farewell 2007 , clean slate in 2008 .
creams and lotions if not properly preserved can cause topical infections that can be very hard to get rid of and could cause scarring !
it is endless and exhausting .
poor bb . he was so sad and he cried so much when we told him wewordswordswordsd have to give up going to disney world this year . but we told him , promised him , swore to him that we would go again . maybe not this year , but eventually wewordswordswordsd make it back . hewordswordswordss a great kid and a he accepted the loss of our dream trip amazingly well . he accepted that we couldnwordswordswordst go out to eat anymore , buy random books or even run to the store every couple of days like a pro . he helped me inventory our pantry and made a sign for the pantry door that says wordswordswordskitchen shopwordswordswordsthe only shop at home!wordswordswords
click to edit the picture link , which will open the link box for you as you see here .
compared with the sublime and fluid battle system of xenoblade chronicles which iwordswordswordsve been playing since august , 4 heroes of light definitely feels designed to thwart the player as opposed to helping them achieve the victories they need in order to actually play more of the game . when itwordswordswordss designed to deliberately disobey a playerwordswordswordss commands , with little to no explanation of why these things are happening either , it seems like a step backwards for the rpg battle system .
we are seeking creative non-fiction essays from young people with disabilities ages 13-30 (some flexibility will be available for compelling submissions from individuals slightly outside our preferred age range) . people with all types of disabilities are welcome to submit . speaking from personal experience is strongly encouraged . the intent of this project is to use personal voices to capture the experience of the new generation of young people with disabilities .
psalm 46:1-9
louis leterrier .
another potential roosevelt island open space for active and passive recreational use being explored is the area between the octagon soccer field and boat prow dock pictured below .
five months before earth day , on sunday , november 30 , 1969 , the new york times carried a lengthy article by gladwin hill reporting on the astonishing proliferation of environmental events :
by then , with any hope , hewordswordswordsll be beyond the help of more reasonable men and be enthralled by a day like half past august .
2 . chrome wordswordswordsshinerwordswordswords : restore the beauty of chrome fixtures in seconds with this easy trick . just moisten a soft cloth with vodka , then rub down the fixture . good as new . (this will also work on porcelain and glass!)
now , back to the mantel . do you remember the silver teapot and sugar bowl that belonged to grandma's " granny " ? those books are from the late 1940s and you've seen the picture of my dad playing the piano when he was a teenager . the silver bowl on the right has been hiding in the cupboard for years . it is engraved with my name and " outstanding business student " 1981-82 (my senior year of high school.) by the way , does it really look like that wreath is held up by duct tape ? both your dad and kellie asked on two separate occasions ! duct tape ? really ? it's silver ribbon for heaven's sake !
my message is very simple . nigerian youths , nigerian people , i have a two line philosophy . the only thing is laziness , the only religion is work . very simply put . i think they have their own fans , but you see , maybe we were all created differently , itwordswordswordss not about me or about them , itwordswordswordss about everything .
here is a link you can use to learn more information about the great kiskadee . it is a member of the flycatcher family . yesterday i observed one of them sitting on the fence about 25 feet from our rig (in the rain) . probably looking for food stirred up by the wet ground .
after a couple of sessions of baking and glazing i had a nice flock of little porcelain birds .
- access to the latest cricut.com deals.- and much , much more !
despite the fact that these are merely mild annoyances , i donwordswordswordst have any other larger annoyances (such as the looming shadow of finals) , so these mild ones take precedence .
within days of dropping i-will-not-say-how-many dollars on many yards of gorgeous silk charmeuse , silk chiffon , and a variety of potential applique accent fabrics , i was informed by my instructor that my patron had decided he didn't want to pay for me to compete yet - maybe never . i was crushed , and did a good bit of crying for a few days . lacking a deadline , and feeling little but sadness and loss when i looked upon my fabrics , research , and sketches , i folded everything up neatly in a box labeled " dream gown, " and tucked it away in a far corner of my closet .
but if you never cry then your well becomes dry and your storms seem to be prolonged and thirsting for relief . so cry out to god and release your tears so you can be free in his will for you . trust me your tears from man are not going to carry you , cry to the lord and he will deliver you . that is the truth . man believes tears are signs of weakness and lack of faith , but tears to me are submission to godwordswordswordss will to rescue us . keeping my eyes on him .
wordswordswordswordswordswordsa government-funded health commission should be set up to overseewordswordswordsfuture research.wordswordswords
4)you can add or delete clipboards or clips
i never fancied myself a wordswordswordswoman obsessed with marriagewordswordswords especially on grounds that i was biologically female and therefore predisposed to such an attitude . which is an inaccurate bastardization of sociobiological and darwinian theory anyway ; especially considering the statistically more wordswordswordspromiscuous,wordswordswords unhitched , sexual and reproductive habits of females outside of the northern hemisphere i.e . it has been observed that in hotter , wetter , equator climates , the biological advantage and imperative does not privilege monogamy or marriage but instead matriarchal and often single-mother or coven-raised children of as much varied genetic source material and biodiversity within a family as possible i.e . more partners and children by different ones = more genetic variation , different immunities , and better chance for survival of at least some offspring of large broods in harsher environments .
the claimants , represented by sir sydney kentridge qc (leading andrew henshaw) , had argued that a piratical seizure that could only be brought to an end by making a ransom payment should be regarded as though it provided no prospects of recovery at all , thus amounting to an atl . in the words of section 57(1) of the marine insurance act 1906 , wordswordswordsthe assured is irretrievably deprivedwordswordswords of wordswordswordsthe subject-matter insuredwordswordswords .
when on the hunt for good squeeze page templates here are some of the basic components a good squeeze page should have :
it has been quite the year of racing ! and itwordswordswordss only april ! this season started off poorly as i have had to deal with a lot of nagging injuries which seem to plague me each month since december . i have started to address the problems and hopefully things will improve . on a more positive note i have managed a pr in 3 of the 4 events this year . i thought i prwordswordswordsd at safari park but it seems i was about 20 seconds off .
the legend in question may never have reached the uppermost heights of fame , even at her most notorious as a blonde sex bomb , but mamie van doren has something over every one of her competitors , from the truly olympian (monroe) to the more than faintly risible (not just jayne - think joi lansing and cleo moore) : she survived . and she is , against all odds , in mr . sondheim's phrase , still here .
wordswordswordsperhaps it is our karma , perhaps it is our fate that we be with you at the time,wordswordswords she said drawing a huge round of applause from the gathering of tibetans after meeting the dalai lama .
sound-check check list
but life is short and this play is timeless
" abc coloring"- by abitalk- free !
try as i might , i never can fully get 100% over top of the layout when taking a photo of it , to get that perfect crop , and without the camera lens distorting my layout .
the book , scheduled to launch mid-summer , 2009 , also includes shocking tales of do-it-yourself disasters , and bad plumbing advice combined with humorous stories of dentures , prosthetic eyes and critters that were lost down toilets and drains only to be rescued with sheer tenacity and skill by unsung hero plumbers . the ghost hunters , who penned the foreword to the book , offer commentary and practical advice that will have you laughing one minute and recoiling the next . the book is filled to the brim with tips , fun facts and strange tales . copies of the book will be available online at www.rotorooter.com or www.chillytales.com .
so there we were . ..me and my four little ones , just like we'd been 5 days ago . sitting in the waiting room . . . .waiting . erik and alex had been awarded " big boy status " and were now allowed to remain in the waiting room unattended while i ran through the necessary motions of the appointment . ian on the other hand was allowed to bring one toy into the exam room , and (thank god for midwives) ella just sat on my lap for the entire thing . we went through all of the normal stuff . weight , urine , blood pressure , measurements , ect . then last but not least , and my favorite part of every appointment , the heart beat .
4 i've got you under my skin
saturday , april 28
like all other bahwordswordswordswordswordswordswords houses of worship , the lotus temple is open to all regardless of religion , or any other distinction , as emphasized in bahwordswordswordswordswordswordswords texts . the bahwordswordswordswordswordswordswords laws emphasize that the spirit of the house of worship be that it is a gathering place where people of all religions may worship god without denominational restrictions . the bahwordswordswordswordswordswordswords laws also stipulate that only the holy scriptures of the bahwordswordswordswordswordswordswords faith and other religions can be read or chanted inside in any language ; while readings and prayers can be set to music by choirs , no musical instruments can be played inside . furthermore no sermonscan be delivered , and there can be no ritualistic ceremonies practiced .
dream job still waiting to be found .
" there is a big portuguese influence in malaysian and singaporean curries thanks to the hordes that migrated decades ago . the curries are now portuguese influence or eurasian influenced (which is my heritage) . so in some restaurants they will have vindaloos with beef (as indian ones can't be done with beef) or other curries like devil curry , prawn and pineapple curry etc . . . . . which is all part of the portugues or
finally , embellishments are added . some gold braid for a skirt , a little blue tit & some fluffy feather in the hole , and a die-cut swallow on the ribbon . the finished birdhouses can be hung with pegs (don't hang near heat sources - card is flammable!) .
wordswordswordsplanning is an unnatural process ; it is much more fun to do something . and the nicest thing about not planning is that failure comes as a complete surprise rather than being preceded by a period of worry and depression.wordswordswords
soul food
seem to relish , even provoke the raucous air
1 tablespoon salt
many families have a collection of their baby's clothing and blankets and struggle with what to do with them . keep them boxed up ? pass them down to rainbow siblings ? pass them on to others ? it's a difficult decision when all we want to do is wrap our babies up in them and hold them close . . .
i'd like to introduce you to one of my heros . any of you who have written me letters saying things like " you are so creative . i don't know how you do it all! " - you will be relieved or horrified to know that jennifer carson , the dragon charmer , does even more ! !
was reading the financial press today and found out that research in motion , the maker of blackberry (nasdaq:rimm , tse:rim) is down 20% overnight on horrendous quarterly report figures .
maybe our families that live far away will be able to wordswordswordsseewordswordswords a little more of us each day . and i hope they like it too .
and a little embarrassing , but i have to submit one of my own blog posts for this . i haven't a clue as to how to pick which one . if a post i have written has stuck in your head , please let me know that , too . it can be on anything .
floor plan porn seems to be a popular post on this blog . now i don't know whether it's the floor plan part that's attracting all the hits , or the ' porn ' ? (but if it's the latter , shame on you ! the only wickedness around here was the post on the queen.) whatever it is , it's prompted me to do another post about the , er , voyeuristic appeal of good lines and a great layout . so to speak .
in fact , mr . suzuki believes the movement has been going backward for 20 years : wordswordswordswe didnwordswordswordst sell the right message.wordswordswords instead of arguing that environmental responsibility could co-exist with economic growth , he thinks , in effect , that the movement should have argued that we must abandon the quest for economic growth altogether . wordswordswordswe thought if we stop this dam , if we stop this clear-cutting , thatwordswordswordss a great success . but we didnwordswordswordst deal with the underlying destructiveness , which was the mindset that attacked the forest or wanted to build the dam.wordswordswords wordswordswords
authorities determined the bomb was virtually identical to a one which umar farouk abdulmutallab , a nigerian militant who had been studying arabic in yemen , used to try to blow up a detroit-bound airliner on christmas day 2009 .
[viii] ludowyk , 1966 : 5 . i find the whole story quite puzzling . deities are honoured with specific forms of music and a whole theory of pancaturyanwordswordsda (that is , sabda pwordswordsjwordswords) elaborates on the value of religious music . veneration via silence is contrary to this code .
i can count on 1 hand the amount of times i would consider myself to be " drunk " .
congrats ! please email me so that i can get your prize to you and don't forget to grab your badge from the link on the title bar .
maria lives in portugal , and doesn't have access to this type of mohair , so she asked me what to do . this is actually a great opportunity to get even more creative ! you don't need fancy doll mohair . just use some good quality yarn- wool , if you can get it- and curl it yourself . it's really a lot of fun .
nba finals :
#21 . stumping dear old dad with baseball trivia he doesn't know
address of bank : 37 wordswordswords 39 main road , mowbray , 7700
the next package is the paperback & hardback package at wordswords2995 . the increase of almost wordswords1000 is simply outrageous for an additional hardback edition , when outside of a revised dusk jacket cover ; the set-up file and additional isbn is essentially the same .
there with one score .
as the night falls , life is all happy go lucky for them as they can see a full bottle of blood red wine right in front of them . only , it does not have just one opening ; they can put their straw anywhere and enjoy . not to waste a moment to begin their drunken night , they start jumping around my toes , i start jumping to avoid them and my neighbors thinking , one crazy lady she is . come kids letwordswordswordss watch the show . itwordswordswordss time for aunty to make chapattis ! and giggles fill their house . needless to say , i live in an apartment where my kitchen window overlooks ten others .
if you'd like to join us during the next ihsw it will be the 3rd full weekend in april . click the link above for more information .
the hospital used another 10,000 condoms to make a banner , reading " combating aids , implementing commitments" , for the event .
you can follow this hop using the dcc hop button on my left border or at the end of this post .
morton sea salt $.69 (on sale!)
- rely on your assistant to help manage your workload .
my first trip was with my step-dad to out of the ordinary in cambridge . it's a darling little spot , loaded to the brim and almost bursting with all things miniature for every sort of miniature dream you can come up with . the owner was kind enough to come and open the shop on a monday , a day she is normally closed , just for me to browse and have my pick of things ! it was so much fun !
turn only to each other
it is different now that i have my own family .
i can't wait for everything to finally be put into motion , once i save up enough i am outta here . ..goodbye britain hello rest of europe .
gary , whose glimpses into the future evaporated his depression and thoughts of suicide .
author : emleigh walsh
yes , we think we're all that . ..not ! jenn came over to take me out for my birthday and said we should take pictures like all the young girls do . fish lips , pouty lips , cheeks sucked in . you know you've seen it before ;) so we're being tongue and cheek . ..literally ! !
here's a sampling of some articles i've written for the blog on ' mad men ' episodes . you can find them all by clicking on the label ' mad men' :
the chumash seems to want to tell a story , where the quran is more focused on explaining various conditions appearing during the life of muhammad . true , there are parts which relates to earlier prophets , but the appearance of these parts seem to be provoked by either incidents needing them or questions about them . see for example when muhammad reminds the children of israel of allahwordswordswordss former favors bestowed upon them (2:40 and 2:47) , or relating to abraham (2:124 and 6:161) . the quran is a constant dialogue involving its readers and reciters . the chumash on the other hand relates a story , telling about what happened to the pre-israelite world (in genesis) and the israelites themselves (exodus and onwards) . of course , when the religious jew is studying the chumash , he wordswordswords as much as the israelites being told about wordswordswords takes part in the incidents . he is not outside , but inside the biblical account . he too was present when the israelite received the torah at mount sinai . but this is the traditional way of relation to and studying the chumash , based on interpretations of it .
in summation , we're at interesting crossroads here for democrats ; we're scared of almost every other republican candidate besides mitt romney , and yet romney is actually the most worrisome republican to win the primary , because he has the best shot in a fledgling economy of beating barack obama in the general election .
william johnston , 31 , north babylon , n.y .
and not but a day or two later , the flowers are shriveled up , but the beginnings of some tasty squash are left behind . (if we get a squash from every bloom , we might have enough to send one to each of my followers ! okay , not really , but there's a lot of them.)
vancouver 2.5 maximum , discretionary exemptions and incentive bonuses can lead to greater development . note this city has the highest density of residential occupancy in north america , higher than manhatten[10] . a push towards higher densities in single family zoned areas through an wordswordswordsecodensitywordswordswords programme was highly controversial . high residential land prices in the core has led to some businesses being forced out of downtown .
several years ago , i heard the story of larry walters , a 33-year-old man who decided he wanted to see his neighborhood from a new perspective . he went down to the local army surplus store one morning and bought forty-five used weather balloons . that afternoon he strapped himself into a lawn chair , to which several of his friends tied the now helium-filled balloons . he took along a six-pack of beer , a peanut-butter-and-jelly sandwich , and a bb gun , figuring he could shoot the balloons one at a time when he was ready to land .
john smoked cigarettes , and mason and i made fun of him , and he stopped smoking immediately . we got to know him , and as wewordswordswordsve got to know him , he became one of our parents , for sure , and he has been a huge influence on me and my brother . i think thatwordswordswordss really the main thing i have to say .
4 . follow my facebook fan page (at the side bars of the blog)
but he said that humans need to understand whatwordswordswordss going to happen in order to make changes , starting with our own environment . wewordswordswordsre sitting on a time bomb.wordswordswords
wordswordswordshear ye , hear ye , this is a warning from king ajit to all ajitians : do not gather in another assembly because your life is at stake ! it can turn out like what happened on the bloody april 28.wordswordswords
a sound collection presented for sale at a function of the cincinnati artists group effort
kind of scatterbrained right now , got a lot going on .
back at the prison , kozrak is holding a newspaper in front of jonah's face (see , he ain't dead kids . it was just a literary device!),gloating that since hex is ' dead' , the prison can do whatever it wants to hex . with everything left in him , jonah lashes out at kozrak,punching him in the face , kneeing him in the jaw and finally slamming his head into the stone wall . grabbing kozrak's whip , jonah staggers out of the cell to the storeroom , where he finds his belongings .
the bowflex ! !
- people die and are seen again .
-you can enter to win the $100,000 success story beachbody contest
#sky , #iphoneography , #photooftheday , #followme (way to be discrete) , and #puppy .
or the thought on one clear night
stay tuned . . . . . .
the american library association has a great list of banned 20th century classics , and iwordswordswordsm proud to say that my oldest kids read lots of these , and nick , at 14 , has a good start : to kill a mockingbird , the call of the wild , lord of the rings , the lord of the flies , and of mice and men , among others . he has a few non-20th century novels under his belt as well .
itwordswordswordss one of the reasons that young people are all stupid as hell . theywordswordswordsre overloading their tiny noggins with an unhealthy mix of conflicting opinions , warped ideologies , asinine lolcats and uncensored citizen news . itwordswordswordss amazing their damned heads arenwordswordswordst exploding left and right .
may is cystic fibrosis awareness month . i had originally planned to write a blog about the nature of cf and what is being done to help . but i think i've done a lot of that through many of my blog posts , so i ended up straying to an entirely different topic keeping with the tune of my last post , still related to cystic fibrosis awareness . sometimes , you gotta be honest with the cold hard truth , cf sucks and something needs to be done .
i wish i had my camera cord here so i could just post pictures to give you a visual journey of my day yesterday as it was one of the most visually stunning hikes i have taken in my entire life (running very close in line with tiger leaping gorge in china which , if you visit china and miss this , you are missing out on one of the most spectacular experiences in the universe) . alas , the electronic device that brings what i saw to you all is stashed away in my container store shelves in nyc . for now , my words will have to do .
it touches my heart deeply that jesuswordswordswords last words before he left his disciples
and here is the final money shot . . . the tv mounted on the wall with small cubbie for front middle speaker and other necessities like the dvr and wii :)
mike vernon : vocals (wordswordswordsshady girl , shady girlwordswordswords , wordswordswordsfool on youwordswordswords)
summer break and christmas holiday are one in the same here in south africa , and itwordswordswordss the big vacation time of the year . mike did an amazing job of planning a 3 week vacation for us to 3 wildlife parks , the drakensberg mountains and the golden gate highlands through eastern south africa and swaziland .
been waiting on me .
the founding fathers blew it . our system is flawed . politicians get rewarded for stealing money from taxpayers and paying off interest groups . they donwordswordswordst get rewarded any other way . you wonwordswordswordst see a white marble building go up in dc for a politician that gets up and says , wordswordswordswordswordswordsi didnwordswordswordst do 39 nutty plans that would have cost us 3 trillion dollars . i blocked them . we canwordswordswordst afford them . i made sure that this government didnwordswordswordst take that money from you and your kids and spend it with a fire hose in perpetuitywordswordswords .
vechtend me de wolven in den bitende wind
i would want you to be part of the party , to enjoy yourself and feel like you our friend (indeed i think i am lucky enough to now count most of our lovely " suppliers"** from the wedding as friends) .
the hosting of international events is expected to generate revenue of rm900mil in 2012 .
we've had lots of adventures together over the years , but tonight one of my favorites will be revisited . in the summer of 1999 , between our junior and senior years of college , i was already living in our rented apartment for the following school year . julie had just gotten back from israel , and we made plans to spend the fourth of july together . well , we at least agreed we were getting together , but the " plans " portion was undefined - very unusual for us . somehow , we started the day at a christmas tree shop (not really for purchasing christmas trees , for those of you not familiar) . we bought fancy plastic cups and a hammock , which we promptly installed in our living room . because what college living room is complete without a hammock in it ?
just spend quality time with my child . that is going to feel so good .
the day before yesterday we (civil engineering dept , utp) had a session with all the students in the department . during the discussion session , one of the senior academic was telling us about the big opportunity (business) in saudi arabia .
i can't recall the discussion about the changes , only that it was initiated by the editor , and she did a re-write that i suspect i mostly took onboard .
iwordswordswordsll probably use it to add delays between the startup game states (startup logo to main menu to first level) since itwordswordswordss pretty useless for anything in the main game loop . even if i donwordswordswordst use it , i learned something along the way .
in love , and at loggerheads , they lie tortured and agonising under the insufferable weight of the unspoken .
jeremiah was godwordswordswordss preacher to a nation that was bent on its own destruction . not only was there resistance from the nation in general , but especially disappointing was there resistance from those of the priestly class that had some semblance of knowledge . as godwordswordswordss preacher was lamenting his circumstances he cries out to the lord , wordswordswordso lord , you induced mewordswordswordswordswordswords (jeremiah 20:7) . the word wordswordswordsinducedwordswordswords is also rendered wordswordswordscoerced,wordswordswords wordswordswordsenticed,wordswordswords wordswordswordspersuaded.wordswordswords
top confidential . it is my pleasure to contact you today . my name is abdullah saad , i was one of the secret service members loyalist to late mr . muammar gaddafi of libyan . i was also his personal adviser aid on many deal with all his international associate to protect mr . muammar gaddafi interest with the opposite parties , i made the deposit of 10 million dollars on behalf of mr . muammar gaddafi to a security company in spain which is a confidential between myself and mr . muammar gaddafi . this money had generated from crude oil shipment from libya to morrocco and from morrocco to spain , before the payment of the oil was made , he gave me a name to make the deposit of this money to a security company with the name mrs . samia omar , for safe keeping but the purpose of the deposit was for me to move this money secretly to china to buy arms from a chinese company . you can read more arms deal here .
-full family christmas and new years in hawaii .
and that's about what i think of star signs---oh , hang on , it says i'm going to come into some money----yeh,right , like i'm gonna wank in my wallet .
julie m . geis , 44 , lees summit , mo .
what makes polly-o different from other types of ricotta ? i e-mailed kraft foods . the associate director of consumer relations didnwordswordswordst divulge the amounts or percentages of ingredients because the recipe is proprietary . the ingredient list reads : pasteurized milk , whey , milkfat , salt , vinegar , and so on . according to the web site , giuseppe pollio started polly-o more than 100 years ago . he set up ricotta and mozzarella kettles on the beach at coney island in brooklyn , n.y . the pollio italian cheese company produces nearly 100 million pounds of cheese per year .
i was so sad . i was sad about gideon (of course) . i was sad that i had to go through all this . i was sad about everything . i was almost just plain mad . i hate it . i don't want to do it . i don't want to go through this . i pray (nearly everyday) what jesus prayed in the garden , " . ..o my father , if it be possible , let this cup pass from me : nevertheless not as i will , but as thou wilt . " matthew 26:39 . that verse says everything that i want to say : " god : i don't want to do this . but at the same time , i know that you have a plan , and i want to be a part of your plan , and i will do it if it will accomplish something that will glorify you . " i am so thankful that jesus saw it fit to pray that way , because it's perfect for me and gideon .
the citywordswordswordss core now has 96 people and jobs per hectare . the citywordswordswordss growth target calls for 150 people and jobs per hectare by 2031 wordswordswords the year used in the provincewordswordswordss places to grow legislation .
then he hung that gift upon the cross yes he did
history is one part truth . history is also one part fable . it is a site of political contestation and struggle . as the state of arizona (with its rules banning wordswordswordsethnic studieswordswordswords) and the state of texas (reimaging its u.s . history curriculum to conform with the tea party and christian nationalist perspective) have both embraced a more wordswordswordsconservativewordswordswords view of history , it only seems fair and reasonable to take their efforts at face value . theirs is not an assault on academic freedom . no , it is an effort to diversify and make more inclusive and wordswordswordsamericanwordswordswords the curriculum taught to our children .
" everything mr . sharshar . everything . "

and i was unfortunately situated near the big ass heater .
some one had posted in one of the communites i watch on live journal a picture of a rose , and i was inspired to pull one of the roses i have on my flickr .
see , renwordswords was able to stretch this formula into almost 100 films , all of which were directed , produced , written and gaffed in his home country south of the border . there were some intriguing titles too , like the treasure of the amazon , guyana : cult of the damned , the bermuda triangle , beaks : the movie , guns and guts and that indispensable mbz standby , night of a 1000 cats .
can you imagine it would help ?
i'm not a big fan of slabbed cards and i may bust this one loose , but i am truly amazed that i got all those other catcher cards and this 1951 bowman roy campanella for $40 . this is my new favorite card . not just in this lot , but in my whole collection .
geoff bowden (barnsley independent group) 458
add chicken broth,milk , yogurt , onion powder , black pepper and salt to flour , mixing until well blended and cook until thickened .
wordswordswordshaving said all that : the idea that , because of this , there is no difference between the totalitarian state of qaddafi and the popular uprising against it is bizarre . it also exposes broader political inconsistency.wordswordswords
off late i get high when i talk to him . the same happy in my senses high . like always , like nothing's ever changed .
the five faced charges including illegal possession of arms and ammunition , and driving a stolen vehicle . police were still trying to determine whether they could be linked to other crimes .
re-working miss cookwordswordswordss tracks in a dub style , the legendary prince fatty adds heavy bass and reverb texture to holliewordswordswordss beautiful , captivating vocals . excitably the record features three new tracks including wordswordswordsfor me you are dubwordswordswords wordswordswords a ska version of an old andrews sisterswordswordswords classic ; wordswordswordsand the beat goes onwordswordswords wordswordswords a brand new , heavy dub cover of the the whisperswordswordswords disco banger ; and wordswordswordsbabywordswordswords wordswordswords a new revamp of this hugely requested anthem , in collaboration with the shoes . prince fatty has incredibly added further layers to holliewordswordswordss cover of shangri-laswordswordswords wordswordswords(remember) walkinwordswordswords in the sandwordswordswords which she effortlessly transformed from a dark emotive song to one filled with a flavour of hope .
i went back inside and walked out on the back porch . thinking i might be able to befriend it (hey , iwordswordswordsve seen charlottewordswordswordss web) , i carefully and quietly tip-toed to the corner of the house so i could peek around and see how friendly this cow looked . maybe it would sweetly follow me to the barbed wire , and i could somehow convince it to go back to freedom . yeah , right . as i peeked around the corner of the house , i couldnwordswordswordst see it at first . i thought it may have somehow hopped the brick wall back into the pasture , but i suddenly realized it was so white , it was blending in with my white house (cut me some slack : it was nine owordswordswordsclock at night) . when my eyes finally focused on it , i let out a little wordswordswordsoh!wordswordswords that doggone animalwordswordswordss ears perked up , she (or was it a he ? ) let out a moo like a battle cry , and hightailed itwordswordswordsstraight at me!! ! i havenwordswordswordst run that fast in awhile ; donwordswordswordst laugh : cows are huge animals .
a colleague of mine here once suggested that couples not be allowed to make divorce or financial agreements without both sides being represented , which , i believe , is the case in some us jurisdictions (iwordswordswordsm happy to have any lawyers from the states reading this set the record straight if iwordswordswordsm wrong) .
gemma files wordswordswords year zero
conor's work has been published in the wall street journal , sydney morning herald , the age , newcastle herald , the big issue , grazia , foto8 and abc online among others .
this is long but do not stop reading ! the best part of this story from cbs is the comment section . i am posting one entire comment from a reader named random reader because i doubt it will be available for too long .
mark your calendars for sunday , may 6th . . . i don't want you to miss it ! !
john and i were awakened at 2 a.m . the other night not by the whoop-whoop-whoop of the helicopter overhead or the flashing lights of the emergency vehicles all around the property or even the low drone of the fire engine in our driveway . no , it was a phone call from our neighbor .
this is my altered project for spellbinders for the month of april . i just love working with copper or any type of metals for that matter .
the pew survey adds to a wave of surveys and studies showing that gop-sympathizers are better informed , more intellectually consistent , more open-minded , more empathetic and more receptive to criticism than their fellow americans who support the democratic party .
such sustained protests were last seen during the reformasi years in the 1990s with the arrest and jailing of the then deputy prime minister datuk seri anwar ibrahim .
shaun @coffee8 (and sue)
when hiring a system administrator , recognize the position of trust that administrators occupy , and only hire people who warrant that trust . call his references , and ask them about his previous work record , especially with regard to any security incidents at previous employers . if appropriate for your organization , you may also consider taking a step that banks and other security-conscious companies do , and require that your administrators pass a complete background check at hiring time , and at periodic intervals afterward . whatever criteria you select , apply them across the board . donwordswordswordst give anyone administrative privileges on your network unless theywordswordswordsve been vetted wordswordswords and this includes temporary employees and contractors , too .
if you can manage it , allow the cake to cool slightly before serving . i dug in right away and have the burned roof of my mouth to prove it . totally worth it though .
at last , some new work to post on my neglected blog !
my dream life has been complex and ornate recently . i try to capture the fragments that don't make it off the dream stage to the unconscious backstage area in time when i open my eyes in the morning . ..those stills from the film that i then try to lay out in front of me in the hopes that they will trigger more complete memories . offer a chronology or a hindsight storyboard . the emotions i have in my dreams have been more vivid than my waking emotions . it's exhausting to sleep . the dreams have been a little like lost . there's lots of information and i can't assimilate it . are these clues to something bigger or just random scenes ?
it was amazing how this book had a good plot line that didn't seem to base itself on the fabulous life of young starlets . clea is a well-rounded character and the rest of this cast is so amazingly believable . my first thought was , " she couldn't have written this . "
" but the trouble is the iaaf now have the whole anc and the whole of south africa on their backs .
i looked forward to reading this as my first adult sci-fi fantasy in many years excepting comedy fantasy . i must say i was not disappointed . early on in the reading it reminded me of pratchett and later of tolkien but these similarities are unfair to draw , as the overall story is an original . the writer is russian and it has been translated into english , perhaps not perfectly , but well enough to still allow the reader to become fully immersed in the story .
mountain sun pub & brewery stoked oak stout
the children , from the moment they arose , have squabbled and fought all day long , hurling insults and more at each other . each blaming the others for their behaviour . all of them tired , from illness , a return to school and a late night birthday celebration .
indeed . the parables turn our conceptions inside out and outside in as he further observes for us :
" then aren't they yours all along , just now you are ready to accept them ? "
somehow , i resist the urge to laugh out loud , and see annika hansen is about to stand . i wonder which consiousness is dominating her ?
fiction (just for me)
wordswordswordsnaaaaah,wordswordswords he said , almost fawningly , though perhaps he was merely kidding . wordswordswordsiwordswordswordsm not worthy to enter the abode of such a man as yourself . besides , my offer shanwordswordswordst take long . will you hear it ? wordswordswords
like several of the books on the top shelf , this one has gotten a tremdous amount of use in the 20+ years i've owned it . while i try to avoid splattering anything that's going to cause pages to stick together , there's no denying that there's a significant amount of foods garnishing several dozen pages in the book . it's a beautiful , fairly large , well-bound volume , so i don't have the problem i have with new basics where the pages are actually falling out , but it does show some wear , and this should only be considered a compliment to julia . this one belongs in every chef's library .
our natural resources are getting wasted everyday
they also unveiled a battle cross monument that will be the first of several monuments in the memorial park .
that poor man is the most self sabotaging man i have ever met . he was gung ho in this job that he has when they first transferred him to another department . as long as he gets pats on the back and is the center of attention , he is happy . but then , it happens that things quiet down and you start to see the decline . he does things self consciously that brings about either failure or downfall of some kind . he no longer cares about getting to work on time . he will never care about that unless there is some girl there that grabs his interest and he wants to talk to her . he has never wanted to be gung ho about supporting us for me . he only does it because he has to . hewordswordswordsll do it without giving me too much of a hassle if there is a love interest other than me . (that doesnwordswordswordst make me feel isolated at all)
itwordswordswordss evil cousin washing up after spending the night and as he drives off , he remembers where he knows her from- shewordswordswordss the random girl who saw him for a grand total of one minute two years ago . must.kill.her.to.protect.self .
since there have not been any news of threats against najib , his children or even his unpopular wife , the wordswordswordsassignmentwordswordswords is unlikely to involve their personal , family or national security . there were also those who wondered if it was a wordswordswordshealth issuewordswordswords , but looking at how chubby and in the pink of health najib and rosmah are , that is unlikely .
to enter you make a 2 minute trailer of a feature film you want to make , the only rule , it must be based on a bible story .
as it is st georgewordswordswordss day , we are going to acquaint ourselves with one (or two!) of the townwordswordswordss 19 watering holes this eveningwordswordswords there is exploration to be done !
overall , this cake definitely will take some tweaking from me to get it right ! but itwordswordswordss definitely a keeper and iwordswordswordsm thrilled that i had a opportunity to make it . and this praise is coming from someone who was not thrilled at having to make buttercream , so you know this sh_t is the tight! ! !
i have to agree with the concept behind the name , 2009 was the year the market finally corrected a bit . anything over 7,000 on the dow is inflated to me , but hey , i'm a lawyer not an investment broker . looks like i'll get to sue a lot of them , though .
level 14 : reduces the damage received from the enemies by 12% .
ft . bliss (el paso) wordswordswords extensive renovation of buildings and from what patriots have been able to see , many of these buildings that are being renovated are being surrounded by razor wire .
now , on to the best part : the leftovers . herewordswordswordss how i handle the ham :
for myself , i may never completely determine if what i saw was truly wordswordswordsrealwordswordswords . this is acceptable to me now , as i realize how deep and strange this other dimension is . i can , however , take my basic assumption of mother ayahuascawordswordswordss reality and that of the gift she gave me , on into my life in the same manner that other shamans take the information from their vision experiences into their lives and communities . we can use that information , and also assess it over time . this , too , is an important ontological test of the visions .
the particular archos 5 android tablet/portable marketing player provides large , high-resolution touch-screen screen , wi-fi , music play , pics , adobe flash video in addition to game if it is compatible , bluetooth , e-mail , a web visitor , a built-in speaker , a built-in kickstand , gps , and support with regard to a limited collection of android purposes .
i'm not trying to step on any toes here , it's just how i feel . we are all free to celebrate and hold our own beliefs .
i just cram all kinds of things in here and it all stays perfectly dry . pruners , clippers , gloves , string and so on . it's very handy to have it right in the garden and not have to keep running back to the shed or whatever to get stuff .
just give it a try . that is what i told myself about using this annie sloan wax . i haven't been able to get the hang of it . so , what is a girl to do but pick up some small piece to practice on . i found four of these at goodwill .
pinch of cayenne
cinda williams chima is the author of the seven realms and heir chronicles teen fantasy series . her next novel , the crimson crown , releases october 23 , 2012 . learn more about her here .
and blessed peace to cheer us ;
lightsabers , cocky space pirates , kleptomaniacal swamp-dwelling grammatically incorrect goblins , dashingly handsome cape-wearing sith lords and , of course , the death star .
emma xx
oil for deepfrying

hurtled to earth in a giant wind tunnel , thor almost hits a car full of three scientist explorers . one of these is a dedicated but perky genius named jane (played by natalie portman ; more on this later.)
trafficking is (often unwittingly) supported by big businesses that either buy products made by forced labor or who may even hire employees who are being trafficked (i.e . , forced to turn over their earnings to middle men who wordswordswordsownwordswordswords the workers.)
is it better for a star to shine bright and fade or shine bright and burst with a bang ?
what are we talking about ? wewordswordswordsre talking about the burka (and niqaab) .
next i headed to joann's and picked up the rest of my supplies :
sometime in june : everything is renovated , unpacked , partially decorated , and awesome . until then , it's going to be one heck of a spring break .
in less than a month , hundreds of fans will swarm to new yorkwordswordswordss gramercy theater to watch grown men play game boys onstage . however , games are the last things on these performerswordswordswords minds as they twist these four-bit sound chips to their will and turn these retro game systems into musical instruments in a three-day celebration of chiptune music and culture .
sometimes i wish i were a scientist . iwordswordswordsd like to invent something or create my own theory . with my limited scientific knowledge , i have attempted to make my alternative theory to the big bang theory .
out of the state,wordswordswordswordswordswords aduba
good riddance ! im so glad shes finally gone ! ebony was comepletely gorgeous but good god , she couldnt model to save her life . this was one of the most horrid , cringe inducing commercials i have ever seen . that little jump thing at the end ? no one should do that . ever . ever .
we have to broaden our horizons people . i know our hearts and minds were captivated by wordswordswordstebow maniawordswordswords in 2011 . tebow is a great competitor but there is a big world out there folks . itwordswordswordss not you tebow , itwordswordswordss us . well , okay it is you , or to put it honestly , the media hype machine . quite frankly itwordswordswordss time to start seeing new people .
lisa nandy mp
three days earlier , he'd played to a packed house at the 2600 seat boston's symphony hall , where seats were around $100 .
please don't make fun of my wire wrapping - i'm still practicing .
leslie , please tell us about these dragons !
all hail these martyrs for environmental science !
the weather here over the weekend has not been fantastic . i was scheduled to take a pdi for his part3 test today but the dsa cancelled it due to the weather . c'est la vie .
armstrong , rachel wordswordswords living architecture : how sythetic biology can remake our cities and reshape our lives .
who knew penzance was that far away ? not me . and why are some of the road signs in cornwall printed in cornish ? who speaks cornish ? it is bad enough tesco supermarkets in south wales have signs in welsh in areas where people donwordswordswordst speak welsh .
f : yeah , yeah there was . i mean in the beginning i was very interested by different related philosophies . and you know , i used it , that was reflected in the lyrics quite a lot . in the latter part of essential logic , the whole lifestyle really started to get me down . no one around me , i didnwordswordswordst know anyone that wasnwordswordswordst in a completely different world than the one i was getting into . and nobody could relate to what i was doing or what i wanted to share with them . and they thought i was crazy . also my health wasnwordswordswordst very good . i sort of drank too much , smoked too much . the whole lifestyle that iwordswordswordsd been living since i was about 15 was starting to affect me . so i decided i had to make a complete break . and i wanted to make a complete break . although i never thought iwordswordswordsd give up music . i always thought iwordswordswordsd carry on . but at that point , for my own sort of health and sanity , i wanted to make , i needed to make a complete break . from everybody even though my record company was really disappointed and , people thought iwordswordswordsd gone crazy . but i did what i had to do . and i have never looked back .
nama may need a little encouragement
my current wondering came up with regard to the cucwordswordswordss active democracy study group task force members .
at times i've found it difficult to find a reason to create anything ; life has been continually bumpy with health issues . at the end of 2007 the only resolution that made a bit of sense to me and encourages me to continue creating was to become involved in art challenges . the impetus for my resolution was vessel #1 that i created for a fiber challenge yahoo group last november . i had no idea at that time that i was also choosing my " true colors " for a fabric paper quilt that i entered in quilting arts true colors challenge . blue is said to be a calming color which is reason enough for me to be drawn to all shades of it . toss in a little ochre , rust , sepia , soft yellow or a dash of red iron oxide and i'm happy . the patina of rust has always fascinated me to the degree that i now rust metal objects in order to make mono prints or rust dye fabric .
spider and spider web
but the man who can sing when he hasn't got a thing
with a deviled egg-like dressing
and sapphire blue .
please do not read this article glibly . this issue is huge . it is not just a fad young people go through . this whole thing was inspired by satan himself and so many already have been oppressed and bound because of it .
1 calendar and pen
in a large mixing bowl , combine the oats , chopped nuts and brown sugar mixture . stir until completely mixed . spread the granola over the two cookie sheets and bake for 45 to 60 minutes or until golden and crunchy .
birds leap
will the council repair the bridal-way then ?
artist : the smiths
i had bad dream .
but the corporate mormon church has a non-profit sub-division in which it does all of the charity work and altruistic not-for-profit godly things that it does . this division is called wordswordswordsthe church of jesus christ of latter day saintswordswordswords . and they are commonly referred to as wordswordswordsthe mormonswordswordswords which is actually a falsity since the mormons are just another big corporation with mass control over vast world populations and local governments . and each church whether aware of this corporate structure or not , pays the corporation though the money collected from its parishioners .
just in case the beans don't make it , i have extra seed of everything except tiger eye . if they don't make it i'll plant something else there instead . it is a bit early for the beans . but today it got to 87f so i'm thinking it was a good decision . though the soil has been getting down to 55f at night which is too cool for beans . but fine in the day at around 60f-65f . with today's brief hot spell , i'm guessing it will get into the 70fs .
the park is the same odd mix of tropical and dry plants that we had around mataranka . it's interesting to see and not what i expected . i'm used to national parks being full of tall trees and dense undergrowth but all the bush out here is low trees and dry grasslands . lots of little creeks though . we saw all the massive magnetic termite mounds but we drove straight past this time .
22 . when cannibals ate a missionary , they got a taste of religion .
study during your convenient hours
though the steelers have made it look easy in racking up 12 wins , their road to the playoff did have its own difficulties . pittsburgh passed nearly every test put before it with flying colors , dominating the afc north and the afc , as a whole . qb ben rothlisberger may not have had his greatest year with 14 interceptions , but he surely remains in the upper tier of nfl starting qbs with over 4,000 passing yards and a 90.1 rating .
a recent flood of beer blogs regarding wordswordswordscans , bottles , kegs or caskswordswordswords has in my view failed to mention what is arguably one of the finest ways of delivering cooking lager direct into the human anatomy . as most cooking lager enthusiasts know , the world of beer is full of fine examples of beer innovation coupled with a preservation of tradition . the flavours offered the beer enthusiast are many and varied , but the pinnacle of beer is clear by looking at the most popular beers sold . the public are not wrong , they vote with their feet and wallet , and cooking lager sits atop the great pyramid of beer as the finest example of what beer should be . that is cold , fizzy and neckable .
as always we waiting a lot of you and i remember you that this year too simon says stamps will be our sponsor!! ! for the lucky winner a $25 voucher that you can spend in their amazing shop! ! !
cheese (organic) : $3.49/8 oz pkg , used 1/6 = $.58
my niece olivia celebrated her 6th birthday on the same day as noah's birthday . olivia's mom's request was simple , about a dozen cupcakes in black and hot pink . again i used my stencils to make the cupcake more interesting and i just cut out some flowers to lay on top of the cupcake with little " buttons " on the center . they turned out to be super cute . at the party , one of the little girls commented that the buttons looked like a pig's nose . too funny since the very first cake i made for olivia years ago was olivia the pig !
70 . visited the lincoln memorial
some people find it hard to believe that a babe like jennifer check would associate with a dork like me , needy lesnicki . but we had history . we'd been the wonder twins since we were preverbal , and sandbox love never dies . or at least that's what i thought .
as the whales escaped from sight , kath turned to me and demanded to know what kind of magic i was working . i wanted to know the same thing of her wordswordswords she called the mantas , now the whales ? i was excited for the inevitable manatee sighting . of course , that sighting never came . in 9 years as a dive master at komodo , kath and ernest have seen a dugong a total of twice . but it didnwordswordswordst matter wordswordswords iwordswordswordsll never forget the humpback whale jumping less than a hundred feet from me .
it is time for a new freshly brewed challenge !
she suddenly rounds on him and asks him how he could talk about her legs and say such horrible things to her child . he snorts at her description of veda as a wordswordswordschildwordswordswords and tells her that kid knows a lot more than mildred thinks she does . things go waaay off the creepy deep end when monty calmly says that veda even asked him how many times he usually screws her mom . and he told her . and he sees nothing wrong with that at all . so , just so we have this clear , a middle-aged man is sitting down with a 14-year-old and discussing in detail the sexual relationship hewordswordswordss having with this girlwordswordswordss mother . iwordswordswordsm so horrified watching this scene , i almost donwordswordswordst know what to do .
it is much more difficult to see a propaganda system at work where the media are private and formal censorship is absent . this is especially true where the media actively compete , periodically attack and expose corporate and governmental malfeasance , and aggressively portray themselves as spokesmen for free speech and the general community interest . what is not evident (and remains undiscussed in the media) is the limited nature of such critiques , as well as the huge inequality in command of resources , and its effect both on access to a private media system and on its behavior and performance .
2- the sweats i'm wearing make my thighs look like jello stuffed in gray sausage casing .
i have to say , for maximum effect , you should definitely use these alongside face soap & clarity and clear here . it is fab . my skin is lovely and smooth at the minute . and as i have combination skin , my skin can appear slightly shiny during the day - it is already starting to ease up . i don't wear foundation much and often forget about the powder , so it's nice that i don't have to worry so much .
question and answer session
for you never know how much time is left
these circumstances and the fact that i do not appear , at all , on either of my parentswordswordswords wordswordswordswordswordswords (ho-juk , family register) gave the immigration officer a bit of a headache . he didnwordswordswordst really know what to do and said hewordswordswordsd never had that situation before . he also said , if i had applied for the f-4 in korea i would have been denied . this , above all else , confuses the crap out of me . forgetting all of the particulars of who was what when i was bornwordswordswords if it were the case that i am ineligible for an f-4 , why did the ny consulate issue it to me ? someone has their requirements all messed upwordswordswords youwordswordswordsd think for something like this it would be consistent , or at least they would only allow one of the institutions to issue the visa to prevent such mishaps . iwordswordswordsm also slightly inclined to believe that everything is actually okay and the nyc consulate knows what its doing and that my situation wasnwordswordswordst fully explained to the immigration agent , but that doesnwordswordswordst have anything to do with consulates or immigration offices .
i drove to nimbus arts that day and met jamie , the director , for the first time . we talked about my duties and about my background , and i became their media and public relations intern .
i always cast my main characters . i find it easier that way . i generally collect screenshots of the actor in scenes with a similar emotional tone to my story , and make a character file on my computer or often a 3-d collage . itwordswordswordss my film thingwordswordswordsiwordswordswordsm extremely visual .
what did he see ? jesus christ in his glory and exalted in heaven . he saw him as the resurrected one . in 1 corinthians 15:8 he wrote , wordswordswordsand last of all he was seen of me also , as one born out of due time.wordswordswords he was to bear testimony of that . then he was to be a witness of the things that would be revealed to him . he was told while yet on the road to damascus , wordswordswordsit shall be told thee what thou shalt do.wordswordswords
aren't the miniature pocket knives cute ? !
you must be follower only if you want , if you believe we are interesting and good crafters and not compulsorily . . . ok ? ;)
it is one of the finest acted movies , that takes you through an emotional safariwordswordswords and the sound of silence makes it loud and clear that an artist has no boundarieswordswordswords he can sail as long as new horizons keep showingwordswordswords
-the cool breezes that frantically fan the electronics to prevent overheating
hearing these stories makes me feel great ! thatwordswordswordss exactly why i started writing the madhouse . i knew how alone i felt , but i also knew that i wasnwordswordswordst alone . there are so many other families struggling with the same issues (compliance , defiance , acceptance , compulsions , hyperactivity , moodiness , bi-polar , adhd , ocd , odd and a million other letter combinations) that i knew i wasnwordswordswordst on my own even when i felt isolated .
(professor rashib exits . anwaar resumes writing.)
according to the st . lucie county sheriffwordswordswordss office , daniel lee carmichael , 43 , used the id of his friend of 30 years during hospital visits , reports tcpalm.com .
george anastaplo
we are waiting on custom pillows for each of the chairs and an upholstered ottoman to anchor the seating area . there is also a desk in the room , my client's " command center, " which needs to be outfitted . our plans for that includes refurbishing a chair that was part of the set in her kitchen when she grew up and adding a memo board .
the next morning , i asked him if he'd been able to fall back to sleep .
luckily in his enthusiastic state he found out the same of said awesome sauce , and our love affair with mae ploy sweet chili sauce began . thanks to ramon , chili sauce veggies are a standard weeknight dinner around our place . sometimes i add rice noodles and bits of mango , sometimes it's just a big mess of eggplant in a wok . it sort of doesn't matter , you could drink this stuff out of the jar . it's quite sweet and not that spicy , great with pork or chicken and a squeeze of lime . the discussion usually goes roughly like this :
susan with several of the kids -- dan in the middle , andy to the right .
notes : this should be one unbroken set of 5 strict pu then , without dropping off the bar , a max effort set of kipping pullups .
code : ca 050
you may interrupt . in fact , dear , please do !
willing to cut congressional $160k government salary , tax-payer paid health benefits and pension for life ? no
wow , thank you all for another fabulous make it monday week ! we just love seeing your creations and getting inspiration from all the different styles and projects ! there are so many varied styles and interesting techniques to see . . . and last week was no exception .
" how have you been ? "
cricut personal , create , expression , cake mini and cake - power the cricut on . during startup you will see the version number on the screen .
and god look at those beautiful beautiful vhs . a nice moment of nostalgia for the viewer while craven get's to participate in a nice little bit of self congratulation " was that the guy with knives for fingers ? i liked that movie it was scary . "
they destroyed the language of the slave .
the memorial itself is amazing , even in its unfinished state . and the sculptor behind the memorial was a remarkable person .
in less than a year i filled most of the pages of 5 small notebooks with my awkward handwriting . then i was accepted moscow state university to study philosophy and saw no reason to continue the diary .
the spice of life !
great tune . killer chorus . and an ambiguous enough lyric to spark a debate . is it merely about growing old or is it about the physical pain that a mental breakdown brings ? who knows ? and who really cares ? just turn the volume up and enjoy the music . it's rock , it's pop , it's indie all at once . it's also magnificent .
2- josh
the boxer soon realized that his connection to the world
this game will be played using the big battle rules .
recorded in 2005 , this was available for a short time on tsol's website for free . dunno if it is still there because i have not taken a look . if it is gone , then here it is for you ! inspired by neil over at 13th floor vendetta . i just wanted to make this gem available to you all . darker my love was released on the suburbia soundtrack and i think , nowhere else . this is a studio version recorded in 2005 . politics is of course a damned cover done tsol style . it kicks ass ! enjoy this folks !
sorry i've been a little absent from blog land for a few days . i was on vacation and am just trying to get caught up .
remove from heat . stir in 1 cup cocoa .
just to help me through
deadline is saturday , may 28th .
not long after we moved over here , my sons (then 4 and 6) and i found ourselves in the old sheremetyevo terminal , trying to check in for a flight . it was madness . there were no staff on the 3 desks assigned to our flight , the crush was getting tighter and tighter , and the minutes were ticking away until the plane was due to leave . then , when only 2 check-in staff arrived for the 3 desks , whatever space there had been between aspiring passengers disappeared as the mass of people surged towards the open desks . it was not a comfortable situation .
when i get acquainted with people and they tell me they are living immorally , i may ask , wordswordswordsdo you believe in god and that you must answer to him ? or do you think we are accidents of nature with no more meaning than an insect , and that it doesnwordswordswordst matter how we live ? wordswordswords when they express some belief in god (and almost everyone does) , iwordswordswordsll gently share with them what he has said about about their conduct . many times this opens the door to present the good news of salvation .
by twilight , there was nothing left to show for the storm , except what little water that was still trapped on the deck and a few cirrus that distorted the first stars of the night . the storm was over , leaving nothing but memories , which are still vivid after the passage of almost 40 years . it was a hell of a storm . i haven't seen one like it since that evening .
78 . you look like the type of girl that has heard every line in the book , so whatwordswordswordss one more ?
have you been writing for a long time ? what do you like about writing ?
trainers in a variety of levels . an associate's degree or an addiction to addition ? maybe you enjoy fixing computer problems , you may want to consider online classes . many feel it is not a degree . that's right , students : computer science degrees . though the computer science graduate degree of the computer science graduate degree of science set , explores six prominent topics in computer technology , so it is best to think about your ultimate goal for the computer science graduate degree . the course trains you in the computer science graduate degree . however , if you understand how a finite automaton works . if you need to work for industries that are seriously understaffed ; doing much longer hours than they had to begin the 1900 census .
1 poses
so what do you guys think of kate walsh ? anything you would like to add ? let us know .
16 minute amrap :
using gps technology , parole agents will be alerted if any sex offender on active parole enters the state fairgrounds from july 14 through august 1 .
purwordswordse with a handheld blender , or in batches in a blender or food processor . return soup to the pan , and add the cayenne pepper and heavy cream . cook over low heat until the cream almost comes to a boil . whisk 4 ounces of the cheese into the soup . season to taste with salt and pepper .
in case anyone is interested . . .
but when vika arrived at her first orphanage , the workers gave her a birth date and guessed at her age ; as she was found on the street with a mom who never claimed her , the exact information was never known . she was given the birthdate of january 19 and it was estimated she was around seven years old .
these are some words from a lovely irish song called
the appetizer consists of various slices of delicious cold hams , and they taste just grrrreat ! so i'm not sad anymore for not having any turkey for thanksgiving dinner , haha !
the second choice (pick one or the other , not both) : find out what people in your neighborhood think about the candidates for the republican presidential nomination (you will need to understand whowordswordswordss still in the race and where each person has won primary elections or caucuses) . you can also find out what they think about media coverage of those candidates .
i have a confession ; iwordswordswordsm not sure where to go with this blog .
i feel like everyone is always all donwordswordswordst do this and donwordswordswordst do that . but really , the biggest thing i could think of is to try not to be nervous .
in taking bradford west , mr galloway overturned a labour majority of more than 5,000 at the 2010 general election . in fact it's only noticeable in the entire article that the m word is used only in a direct quote , though somehow or other yvette cooper seems like the bbc to equate asian and muslim as being the same thing , which is profoundly absurd and no doubt abhorrent to the vast majority of asians who are not muslims .
when i sat down and thought about this startling development , i realized it is because so much of the ya fiction i read these days is gritty , it's edgy , itwordswordswordss dark wordswordswords and even if a story ends hopefully and even if it is beautifully written (and most are) there is just so much stuff going on in the novels that they are enough to make me want to claw my eyes out !
perhaps by divine intervention , i received a call just days before the event with the best news , that by some miracle i had made it into the earlier seating - i quickly pulled " foodie mentor" , who i knew would appreciate this level of culinary genius , to go with me . i couldn't believe that i would get to experience urasawa , cimarusti and manzke in the same meal (along with david myers of comme ca and sona , and ramon perez from sona , and noriyuki sugie from breadbar) - all for a price i can actually afford - $110 (+$30 for wine pairings) !
i decided the ends needed a little bit . . . more . . . to it , so i cut out circles of fabric and added fabric type flowers . it added a feminine touch without being too girlie . these two fabrics are leftovers from her quilt too , so once i start speaking to my sewing machine again , this will tie in perfectly .
they all kind-of coordinated , with bits from the bella paper and real red running through each . i know the templates and designs aren't going to win any awards , but they loved it and that is all that matters in the end .
younger , a true beer pioneer , took the horse brass from a one-tap tavern to a beer mecca , consistently named among best beer bars in the world . it is a favorite hangout for brewers , beer geeks , neighbors and visitors alike . "
youwordswordswordsve made it .
have a great week y'all !
(ernesto nazareth)
even though i have not figured out yet why we all exist , i am very thankful for the life we have .
fuller's london porterwordswordswordsthis beer blows me away ; i can hardly believe how good this is . this very dark brown (not black) beer starts with slightly thick mouthfeel that leads to a creamy , slightly roasted , slightly bitter but perfectly balanced follow-through of porter perfection . bittersweet chocolate , coffee , and i catch a touch of licorice . the first time i tried this , i had a fuller's london pride and the london porter in the same evening (12 aug 2002) and i have never tasted two such great beers together , ever .
in neighboring pakistan during 2011 , 136 children came down with polio . yet 107 of them had been vaccinated multiple times with oral polio vaccines (opvs) . thatwordswordswordss over 78% of those supposedly wordswordswordsimmunizedwordswordswords against polio getting that same disease (http://www.immunizationinfo.org/vaccines/polio) .
(c) copyright karl yannes 2011
muslimgauze was the musical brainchild of a british-born white male named bryn
wordswordswordsiwordswordswordsve seen lots of demonstrations of goodwill towards people , but never one that gained such momentum,wordswordswords he said . wordswordswordsitwordswordswordss something thatwordswordswordss very special thatwordswordswordss happening.wordswordswords
" we will close the tax gap , our customers will feel that the
this week was marc jacobswordswordswordss fall fashion show for louis vuitton and was it over-the-top ! it paid homage to the companywordswordswordss origins as a luggage purveyor . the images and video amazed me , as i'm not one who's usually very interested in runway shows .
the best of british at the v&a this april and beyond . focusing on the period from when london first hosted the olympic games in 1948 , the wordswordswordsinnovation in the modern agewordswordswords exhibition draws on design from all quarters . with architecture , graphics , even an e-type jag on display , and with more than a nod to the political world , this exhibition is worth a wander for the over 300 iconic designs on show .
but it's going down . . . .
we took a little trip this weekend to the wedding of a friend , and traveled some back roads and byways that were new to us . it seemed around each twist and turn in the road , we encountered another peaceful , bucolic scene . the temperatures were cool , it was wet and rainy and the colors of grass and trees , rocks and sky were intensified .
glow will be released on september 13wordswordswordstomorrow !
that depends .
mix together until smooth
but my new names , my real names wordswordswords the names that fit wordswordswords tell a completely different story . on and off iwordswordswordsve googled their origins and , over time , more information has been made available to piece it all together . i now know the histories and possible meanings of my names . and now , i believe i am satisfied enough to extrapolate , and formulate a whole new set of holistic meanings , explanations , and predictions . itwordswordswordss almost as satisfying as discovering onewordswordswordss cosmic wordswordswords or , at least geocentric wordswordswords purpose or possible future . almost . definitely something to strive for .
horses running always gives me the feeling of freedom and strength .
i just love these kids . i canwordswordswordst get enough of them . sophia grace will become a great singer , and rosie can become a dancer or a model . herewordswordswordss a compilation of all their videos so far .
the bracelet on the lower left is a stretch bracelet made of felted balls with seed beads attached . these were sold as trim in packets at a craft store . i tried spacers between the balls but decided i liked this look best . it may not be worn often as i don't know how well it will hold up , but was very inexpensive and will be fun to wear when i go to my knitting group .
rae & christian (feat . the pharcyde) - ain't nothing like
this is probably one of my favorite times of the year . the weather is starting to turn off nice , with cool nights and warm days . the garden is planted (well , for the most part) and everything is nice and green . but the best part about this time of the year is that itwordswordswordss finally time to start grilling again .
third , it demonstrated , yet again , how we can connect now - finding new ideas and people , creating new conversations , learning and sharing .
on page one , the company says its banker is ulster bank which is not a nama bank at all . you have to go to the very last page of the accounts , page 28 to see that in note 23 , the company refers to nama for the very first and only time , and admits that its loans -elsewhere shown totaling gbp 228m or about wordswordswords276m at current exchange rates wordswordswords have been transferred to nama . the company accepts that , in note 23 , wordswordswordsthe company is now dependent on the ongoing support of nama , and its other lender , and will continue to require such support until the economy has sufficiently recovered from its downturn and the company is successful in realizing the full value of the properties included in investment properties and those properties held by the unit trustswordswordswords itwordswordswordss not clear what is meant by wordswordswordsits other lenderwordswordswords as the note says that the companywordswordswordss loans have been transferred to nama . further it is said that wordswordswordsthe companywordswordswordss banking facilities have expired and are repayable on demandwordswordswords though even this is slightly confusing because elsewhere the bank debt is split between repayable within 12 months and repayable after one year .
in the world of football , february 14th is just another day . last year , it was a sunday . few matches took place . the year before it was a saturday . more matches took place .
i admit i have done that in the distant path , but it was for good reason . i was honing my singing skills , practicing the new songs and making sure i could remember the words so that i didnwordswordswordst look such a tit on stage if i were to forget them .
nothing ever means much .
age of first tattoo : 23
however , the day we moved in (wednesday) was the day the stove top arrived . the workers were here converting the stove to propane gas while we were moving in . after the workers left the " boss " builder stopped by to inspect their work and the damn stove exploded . like blue flame , the knobs flew off , and the boss about lost it (after he raced to turn off the gas from the wall) . i was instructed not to use it until they could get someone out the next day to fix it . next day came (thursday) , more workers in and i got the all clear that a gas leak in the line had been fixed and we were good to go . we ordered pizza that night because i was too tired from unpacking to cook . friday was the inspectors day to stop by and check everything out . and what to you know . . . the farking stove exploded again . bigger this time . with blue flame and smoke and the whole nine yards . more panic from the inexperienced homeowners .
is a graceful bow ?
but i loved you , still love you like before ,
if youwordswordswordsre heading to nashville too , i hope to see you . please stop and say hi!!!! ! and i will really miss everyone who isnwordswordswordst going . isnwordswordswordst it a bummer that we live so far apart ?
a grand gesture
the note-taking stagewordswordswords i liked taking notes for the beginning stages of the outlinewordswordswords i liked it because i was excited about the project . but actually taking the notes ? iwordswordswordsve certainly done things more fun in my life .
2 . wordswordswordsfear,wordswordswords not negatively , but positively wordswordswords reverence
the 3rd best team in each group are given a second chance in the europa league . there , theywordswordswordsll have the chance to bully other clubs . most europa league winners are clubs that werenwordswordswordst good enough to qualify for the knockout phase of the champions league .
the publication is very similar to the typology+ , reviewed here on urbantick , by the same publisher . however the manual is more the technical publication entirely (beside the bright orange) in black and white focusing on the organisation and the actual floor plan , where typology+ presents the housing project as a building and in colour . they serve different purposes and therefore can happily , with overlaps , coexist .
but what do you get for this substantial sum of hard earned geld ? well it is in no way like a weird religious cult at all that asks you to give all your money to it and the guru also asks to sleep with your wife . it is only a coincidence that i ask you to give me all your money and in return i pop round each week with a box of cooking lager and also sleep with your wife . the lager could be fosterwordswordswordss , it could be carling , it might even be carlsberg , but it is likely to be whatever i found on sale in tesco this week . you get tasting notes on the lines of wordswordswordsthis is lovely lout , serve cold , neck it and enjoywordswordswords . i also throw in a cheap t-shirt with the logo wordswordswordsthe cooking lager college lout clubwordswordswords on the front and the moniker wordswordswordsfor more discerning cooking lager enthusiasts than you are , palwordswordswords . wearing this t shirt will make you more attractive to members of the opposite sex . additional t-shirts can be bought for further payments of eye watering amounts of money . oh and therewordswordswordss a membership card too .
it's oddly comforting to realize that this is really nothing new .
this is the sixth book i've reviewed for the british book challenge , which means that i'm halfway through the challenge , although i've already read firebrand , the blackhope enigma , puddle goblins and literally just finished the book of dead days for this challenge . not for the challenge i read skullduggery pleasant , so there are some reviews to come yet !
this program is no joke . it is hard . you will be sore as hell for the first week or two . you have to really want to do it ; otherwise , youwordswordswordsre wasting your money . also , look at the wordswordswordsfit testwordswordswords online to see if youwordswordswordsre ready to do the program . i thought i was in okay shape , but i barely passed some of their minimum qualifications for the program .
i know , i know . ..i've had the same header photo for forever . i get stuck in a rut ! but i happened to see jessie's new header on her blog and i made her draw me one . my daughter has been playing with a new graphic program and creating pictures like this :
spoon batter into muffin pan cups lined with paper cupcake liners , filling cups 1/2 full . bake at 325 degrees for 20 - 25 minutes , or until light golden and the cake springs back when lightly touched . cool slightly in the pan before removing cupcakes to a wire rack . cool completely before frosting .
de que se estaba volviendo ,
if you've never tried working with digital images before , then i would recommend you try it , they are very versatile and saves the storage space of rubber stamps .
(oh and if anyone's wondering about part 1 of week 14 of this adventure , it's going to appear tomorrow!!)
" these figures clearly indicate that demand for patent protection is on the rise again , after the economic downturn of the previous two years" , says epo president benowordswordst battistelli .
i have never understood the importance of a bucket list .
but yesterday , i really got going and when i checked my time on the return trip i realised i was probably going to set a new time by a few metres anyway , but as iwordswordswordsd passed the 45 minute mark feeling extremely good i put my head down and really pushed for the last few minutes , coming in with a new best of 6.88km , which i was extremely chuffed with .
so note all ye lovers in love with the sound
tony leung chiu wai/faye wong (chungking express)
my initial reaction was to chuckle about the first sentence :
fabric bookmarkers : 1
his nose ,
then today , yeah , kidney stone . i haven't had one for over a decade , but that is a pain you don't forget . i'm consuming large doses of vit c and drinking gallons of water , in hopes i'm better by tomorrow morning . the state cut off my health insurance as soon as i started this job . if i have to take tomorrow off , i will need to go to the emergency room to get a dr . note . just pay them what i can every week . i have to wait until open enrollment next fall to get insurance through my job .

marianne schnall : founder and executive director of feminist.com , marianne is a widely published writer and interviewer . her writing has appeared in o , the oprah magazine , glamour , in style , cnn.com , ew.com , the womenwordswordswordss media center , and many others . marianne is a regular blogger at the huffington post and a contributor to the nationally syndicated npr radio show , 51% the womenwordswordswordss perspective .
cassandra parkin (uk) wordswordswords new world fairy tales
1 . goin ' out of my head
i donwordswordswordst even know what normal really is anymore . but i find myself wishing for it . *insert chuckle* donwordswordswordst we all ?
bodebrow strong scotch ale wee heavy is 8 percent alcohol by volume . the beer won a gold medal at the mondial de la bierre in montreal in 2011 . the beer pours a reddish brown with a off white head . there is a nice caramelized malt base to this beer with just a faint hint of smoke in the background . the mouth feel is not as heavy as some other wee heavy scotch ales on the market .
wordswordswordsi have long hair but that doesnwordswordswordst mean iwordswordswordsm an emo . iwordswordswordsm not less of a man if i have long hair . letwordswordswordss not say that if i have long hair , iwordswordswordsm a homosexual , but i have long hair because this is my style , this is me,wordswordswords he told iraqwordswordswordss al-sharqiya television network .
the federal reserve is a private bank owned and operated for profit by a very powerful group of elite international bankers . if you pull out a dollar bill and take a look at it , you will notice that it says wordswordswordsfederal reserve notewordswordswords at the top .
intermediate lindy with lisa wade & steve sayer7:30 to 8:30
whatever you choose for us , whatever you desire
my purse is from h&m and ive had it for a day lol . . i have somewhat of a bag and wallet addicting too .
i have seen some ebook formatters charge outrageous fees for enhanced ebooks doing no more than what i do as part of my standard service , to me this is highway robbery . i usually charge a nominal fee for each external link (mostly less than .25 per link to write and insert the code) but i have seen some business charge $200 wordswordswords $400 more on top of the formatting and conversion charge .
the possibilities that gillian sees in the world , in each day . ..like the winter's day when she made a special trip to photograph this chandelier that was out in the snow . ..an incongruous combination perhaps , and yet , when gillian does it , you see how it works .
czech republic president vaclav klaus , who has personal experience with living under socialism , warns that it may not be as dead as many seem to think : wordswordswordswe can probably confidently say that its wordswordswordshard versionwordswordswords wordswordswords communism wordswordswords is over.wordswordswords however , wordswordswordsfifteen years after the collapse of communism i am afraid , more than at the beginning of its softer (or weaker) version , of social-democratism , which has become wordswordswords under different names , e.g . the welfare state wordswordswords the dominant model of the economic and social system of current western civilization . it is based on big and patronizing government , on extensive regulating of human behavior , and on large-scale income redistribution.wordswordswords wordswordswordsthe explicit socialism has lost its appeal and we should not have it as the main rival to our ideas today.wordswordswords klaus warns that illiberal ideas are making a comeback in different shapes : wordswordswordsthese ideas are , however , in many respects similar to it . there is always a limiting (or constraining) of human freedom , there is always ambitious social engineering , there is always an immodest wordswordswordsenforcement of a goodwordswordswords by those who are anointed (thomas sowell) on others against their will.wordswordswords wordswordswordsthe current threats to liberty may use different wordswordswordshatswordswordswords , they may better hide their real nature , they may be more sophisticated than before , but they are wordswordswords in principle wordswordswords the same as always.wordswordswords
darryl james is an award-winning author of the powerful new anthology wordswordswordsnotes from the edge.wordswordswords jameswordswordswords stage play , wordswordswordslove in a day,wordswordswords opened in los angeles this spring and will be running throughout 2011 . view previous installments of this column at www.bridgecolumn.proboards36.com . reach james at djames@theblackgendergap.com .
the good news is that all the leaders continue to believe , rightly , that it is not acceptable for us not to raise the debt ceiling and to allow the u.s . government to default . we cannot threaten the united stateswordswordswords full faith and credit for the first time in our history . we still have a lot of work to do , though , to get this problem solved . and so let me just make a couple of points .
unlocked gate . how much do you want to bet that unwanted visitors only think there is a gate there in case a horse gets loose and open the gate in and walk in anyway ?
inside , the house is sparsely furnished with the few remaining original pieces , but apparently the national trust will be sourcing additional items from the period . meanwhile , it is easy to see the clean lines of the architecture . most of the internal walls are white , with the addition of an occasional dramatic slab of blue or yellow . lots of interesting shapes are created with the angle of the staircase , the presence of the odd curving wall , and the play of light and shade , and the spaces between the structures .
no . 12 on my beauty top 20 is a miracle worker in a little green tub ! originwordswordswordss brighter by nature high-p0tency brightening peel with fruit acids
for its part , india would see its muslim population grow from 8% to an official figure of 13% . however , mass illegal immigration from bangladesh has swelled the actual figure well above this total , to an estimated 16% . india continues to be afflicted by endemic terrorist attacks , and faces the same existential demographic issues as does any other state with a muslim minority . what will it do when its muslim population reaches 25% ? repartition ? why would this repartition not then be followed by the genocide and ethnic cleansing of hindus in the new muslim state once more ? how would it avoid leaving an islamic seed in the new , reduced india , to start the cycle over again ? when and how does this process come to a halt for india ? when islam reforms ?
this motorsport budget will include the primary team owner as sole proprietor .
the quintessential maine mill town and its smaller twin sister located an hour north of bangor along the penobscot river . the millinocket pulp and paper mill was once the largest in the world , employing thousands to print paper goods like phone books and newspapers wordswordswords propelling a boom hat lasted into the 1970s . production and hiring slowed down dramatically and , for the first time , local high school graduates could no longer be assured a well-paying job at one of the local mills . after the millinocket mill closed its doors in 2009 and east millinocket followed suit in early 2011 , area unemployment soared to 22% . the population had dropped by over half wordswordswords t0 less than 5,000 . however , good news came to the area in november 2011 . after a push from augusta and governor paul lepage , it was announced that the the great northern paper co . in east millinocket mill would re-open under new ownership at greatly reduced capacity . even though far fewer will be offered jobs than in the past (and those that are hired will be forced to accept dramatically lower pay) , this has a created a wave of optimism throughout this corner of maine .
movies , video games , and comic books have also influenced me a great deal .
i thought he just didn't understand . the thing is , he didn't even want to try and understand . and i was too lost in it to try and explain to him what was going on .
earlier this year in the presidentwordswordswordss state of the union address , obama alluded to his proposal that over the next 10 years would essentially free-up 500mhz of wireless spectrum via incentive auctions which would encourage innovation , and construct a nationwide interoperable wireless network for public safety while slashing the national deficit by roughly $10 billion .
08 . something big
i chose to back my page with a sheet of cardstock weight patterned paper , because it already had that pretty top corner ~ mme follow your heart/"bee happy " be you .
sugar addiction ? moi ? mais nonwordswordswords . mais ouuaaiwordswordswords today is really the first day iwordswordswordsm feeling normal after last weekwordswordswordss alcohol-chocolate-sugar-rich-foods binge . physically and psychiologically , i have been paying the price . puffy eyes , heavy legs , stomach acheswordswordswords sexy , no ?
silenced is coming along well . (for those of you who are new and don't know what silenced is . . . it's my wip.) the editing is taking a turn i didn't expect . as i'm reading through , i'm finding places where new idea's come about and i just have to add them in . it seems it went from an editing phase back to a rewrite .
makes me steam with rage that people take advantage like that .
2085.e-iv/14/1999 . wordswordswordshouse of lords may not survive the democratic bias of our day.wordswordswords hickory daily record , hickory , north carolina , p . a-4 (abridged) .
ok , now that i've been a downer . . . . .
because therewordswordswordss no way of knowing exactly when an earthquake will strike , you should be prepared to protect yourself and respond to the crisis no matter where you are . wewordswordswordsve talked about what to do in a basic setting at home , but what if youwordswordswordsre away from home , or youwordswordswordsre outside ? letwordswordswordss look
the truth is , new authors are practically invisible . publishing companies loose money on first books , an average of $20,000 . is your manuscript worth betting $20,000 on ? that's what you're asking for when you send a submission to a publisher .
janey's costume , pre-ears . we just used a headband set of ears for that , and the ability to put them through the costume was my last minute addition , at janey's request (i want pink ears , mom ! not white ears , pink!) . and yes , i did make this hoodie . out of fleece . it's perfect for our cooler evenings , and for the days too , since janey's been sick . don't be surprised if you just see more of these showing up , sans-costume attachments . they're comfy , and simple .
the next thing is that to an extent they are an illusion . just try doing something ' alternative ' and removing yourself from the mainstream . society doesn't make it easy , believe me . you need incredible resources in terms of self-belief and clear focus . (not to mention having a few quid - helps a lot . ..)
needless to say , i end up with a huge stack of books around my bed . . . some weeks , i have to literally leap over the stack to get into bed . and not to mention , there's a whole ' nother group of books that i have purchased and are on the reading list , too . . . . so this is library books and purchased books that i have to leap over . serious exercise , i tell you .
by wednesday we should have a podcast available for download at :
and yet wordswordswords and yet ! wordswordswords i live in london . i spent a while in hawaii with a good friend a few years back . i was in a very dark , unhappy place within myself and i suspect i wasnwordswordswordst the best company . but besides all that , she would ask me if i wanted to go to the mountains , do i want to go on a hike , do i want to see sugar cane , pineapple plantations ? no , why would i ? you live literally ten paces from the pacific ocean . i want to be right here . forever , preferably , if that could be arranged . i would find a place and sit on the sand with my elbows on my knees and my chin in my hands at around 10am . and a few minutes would go by and i would look at my watch and it was 3pm . i was mesmerised . i mean day after day it was all i would do , and all i wanted to do . (donwordswordswordst worry , my friends were at work , iwordswordswordsm not totally anti-social.)
or take kelly kelly for example , who after wrestling in the wwe for going on six years now (starting from her ecw stint in extreme exposwordswords) still can tell the difference between a wristlock and a shoelace .
and are wrapped with decorative paper with the measures of
behind the school was the freight line that fed goods to the western half of what was then europe's biggest industrial complex (that was the reason why we were semi-rural as far as the rates were concerned) . just the other side was a scabby field of scrubby grass , home to partridge , lapwing and many a courting couple . that's concrete now , with a warehouse stuck on it .
rom 1:32 who knowing the judgment of god , that they which commit such things are worthy of death , not only do the same , but have pleasure in them that do them .
sarawak suffered its first death from h1n1 . dengue infections n sarawak continued to surge upwards .
i highly recommend trying the sake , as well as the great craft beer .
what passing-bells for these who die as cattle ?
my little zebra kitten heels (last seen here) were perfect for all the walking i did - i probably walked about 6 kilometers/3.5 miles , including walking home . my bigass flower helped tie in the browns of the shoes and the bag .
what do you want your generation to be known for ?
catholic apologist and prolific author dave armstrong has compiled his writing on the eucharist and the sacrifice of the mass , from 15 years of internet dialogues , into a scripture-packed 23 chapters and 222 pages .
grammer's : " free to booze! "
of those armies so rapid so wondrous what saw you to tell us ?
when we only allow the brain to dominate this results in our actions , behaviour and responses being influenced by our mind/brain preconceptions , our emotions and our ego . when our heart closes life is experienced more superficially .
there he allegedly waited for his boss , frances c . venezia , and a colleague , robert james , wearing a wool hood and gloves , pouncing on them when they entered the room .
now , the council is of course correct that if someone fell over on mr farnham's repairs (given how we are so happy to sue each other these days) he does indeed face the risk of being sued . however , if they won't repair it and they won't let mr farnham repair it or give him the correct filing to make the repairs , what happens next ?
yesterdaywordswordswordss appointment went well . the blood work and the doctorwordswordswordss urine test both confirmed the pregnancy . the doctor estimates the due date to be december 26 , 2012 , which means i am 5 weeks , 2 days pregnant today . we learned my doctor no longer does the labor and delivery part of ob , so after the 2nd trimester , she would refer me to one of her colleagues who does . what she does do though , is pediatrics . she comes to the hospital within 12 hours on the birth to start caring for baby . i think that is awesome . we may look for someone who specializes in pediatrics , however , right now , iwordswordswordsm thinking it would be pretty convenient to have my doctor also be babywordswordswordss doctor , so wewordswordswordsll see . i was disappointed to learn that my health insurance only pays for one ultrasound , which will be performed around 18-20 weeks (hopefully baby isnwordswordswordst being bashful so we can find out the gender) . i was really wanting to hear the heartbeat soon . i didnwordswordswordst think to ask if she will use a doppler to find the heartbeat in the meantime . iwordswordswordsll have to ask at the next appointment .
i canwordswordswordst work out whether iwordswordswordsve simply grown up and left coupland behind or whether he genuinely was edgy and cool with generation x but has become lazy and complacent and is now churning out glib , charmlesss rubbish . iwordswordswordsm certainly not re-reading generation x to find out . let it stay in the past and let me remember it with affectionwordswordswords and if you too have a fondness for couplandwordswordswordss early books , consider yourself warned .
all of this , however , has to be viewed in the context of the complete and utter failure of the afghanistan campaign , typified by the experience of the kajaki power project in afghanistan , as narrated by the bbc's mark urban on yesterday's newsnight , and repeated today in a bbc documentary .
i stitched around the pink paislee paper and cut out some felt hearts and flower using the spellbinders home sweet home die set and added some buttons . i adhered some twine and made the banner using the felt hearts . i then stamped an ibs frame and die cut out using the spellbinders label 18 .
atop youwordswordswordsll see the beauty of life
i had planned to make a throw-sized quilt of alternating wonky 16-patch blocks with wonky strippy or log-cabin-y blocks . i had every intention of sending this to-be-quilt to bumble beans basics . i almost always make a test block when i'm starting a quilt to be sure i like the combinations of colors and prints , so i started strip-piecing .
in april 1945 , as russian and german troops fought wordswordswords savagely , street by street wordswordswords for control of the german capital , it became increasingly clear that the allies would win the war in europe . not long after the two-week battle ended , 33-year-old life photographer william vandivert was on the scene , photographing berlinwordswordswordss devastated landscape .
crazy , right ? ! seeing my font in in seventeen and cosmo was cool enough . . . . but my favorite store ever ? they are using it on their website too . and they have no idea how much i heart them .
you might have noticed i haven't been the most regular poster on this blog of late . as every artist who tries to self promote their art knows , when you have your own business (and let's just say i have more than one to run) you're responsible for so many (too many!) details . and the devil is in the details . but i'm feeling on top of it all once again . the decision to let go of trying to be found on etsy is contributing to my peace of mind .
sometimes i suspect that pelecanos picks a song just because he likes it so much and wants his readers to like it , too . (like 2 or 3 lines , he doesn't write about a song unless he has something good to say about it.)
12:35pm . forward movement stopped . i woke to more explosions and gun clicks , dried saliva on my lip . a drawn-out wordswordswordswhat the fwordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords ? wordswordswords automatically rattled my waking mind . the bus was on the shoulder , paralyzed , motored-down . mechanical problems i assumed , but then i saw from my windowwordswordswordss sharp angle a line of trucks , cars , buses , and people waiting on the roadside . it was a roadblock , a protest , or some hybrid of both . there are two ways to deal with these all-too-common situations in south america . you learn patience or you go crazy . the bolivians were silent with their patience , fully-absorbed in the movie . i respected their sanity , no matter how numb and dumbed down by the action-romance blood film . having barely returned from insanitywordswordswordss edge during my first ten or so roadblocks in latin america , i too had learned patience . i slept . the group of french , german , canadian , and american travelers several rows back strained their necks out the window for up-to-the-minute updates while incessantly asking about our future hypothetical forward movement . i rewound my radiolab podcast to the exact spot where i had dozed earlier , and closed my eyes . wordswordswordswordswordswordsthe real lesson herewordswordswordsis if you donwordswordswordst see past yourself you fall prey to , you know , superstition or magical thinking . you have to be careful not to find meaning here , when its just coincidence.wordswordswords
so yeah - bless the farmers weekly who reported 40% of dairy herds have about a sixth of the cows producing gallons of pus
although william alfred was known primarily as a medievalist and playwright , he taught harvard courses on english drama and literature , too . his other plays included the curse of an aching heart (another alfred piece starring dunaway) , nothing doing , and cry for us all , a musical adaptation of hoganwordswordswordss goat . he published a bilingual edition with his translation of beowulf in 1963 and a book of poems , the annunciation rosary .
i re-read the houston speech this afternoon . a lot of religious people wordswordswords including a lot of catholics wordswordswords think that jfk got it all wrong , that he did more harm than good in advocating a radical (maybe erroneously interpreted) separation of church and state . i am really curious if there were any american catholics at the time who disagreed with this speech , and i havenwordswordswordst been able to find an answer .
cornered , broken , trapped , sir james crumbles and confesses all . he murdered roger balfour just as burke and his crew have seen him reenact the crime tonight . he murdered harry balfour with a poison injection to the throat for fear that harry would discover the proof of his wicked life that he could not find before -- and worse , would take lucy away from him . he tried to do the same to hibbs to get him out of lucy's life , before yates/burke's intervention sent him fleeing for his life .
in my design work putting the time and thought into coming up with a design solution that is everything the client wants , brings me great joy .
rolling stones do gather a lot of moss these days .
golden city brewery golden city imperial stout
taken really good care of us . they are kind as a culture , which is
the guy on the street , the woman in the classroom , the israeli , the afghani , the zuni , the apache , the irish , the protestant , the catholic , the gay , the straight , you , mewordswordswordswe all just want to know that we matter . we want validation . we want the same things . we want safety and we want to live a long life . we want to find somebody to love.we want to find somebody to laugh with and have the power and the place to cry with when necessary .
respond kindly . for " oh-so-obvious " advice , a simple and genuine thank you will do the trick . i can be genuinely thankful for the person's attempt to help , even if it isn't that helpful .
i get the impression that fox learned everything he knows about id by reading darwinists .
mommy tyme will be sending one lucky winner a green tea sea salt scrub bar- this is an extra hard , extra long lasting , low lather bar made with aloe oil , aloe gel , mineral sea salts , coconut oil , jojoba oil , glycerin , avocado and cucumber base and more . . . skin loving ingredients !
. . . ..as i try to think of more ideas , all i can think of is excuses .
during the opec oil embargo of 1973-74 , war criminal henry kissinger is reputed to have quipped , " oil is too important to be left to the control of the arabs" . we have a different perspective : oil is too dangerous to be left to the control of the capitalists !
by staying the same .
do you need family-friendly hours ?
by far , my favorite feature is the seamless facebook integration . as part of the wordswordswordsreading lifewordswordswords feature , you earn awards for reading . for example , you earn an award for your first book open , your first book finished or reading 5 times during the morning commute . there is no monetary value for this , but itwordswordswordss cute to see the awards piling up and seeing your progress towards other awards . the best part is that you can easily share these awards on facebook . so if your friends didnwordswordswordst think you were a total nerd before , they really will now . (i still think that this is really cool) .
wordswordswordswait a minute!wordswordswords jessica sputtered , confused at his sudden coldness . wordswordswordswhat just happened here ? where are you going ? wordswordswords
has anyone tried these before and have similar recipes ?
occupy wall street doesnwordswordswordst need to jettison mass appeal to achieve genuine economic reform . in a democratic policy , one that takes votes on a majoritarian basis , a strong coalition can be forged from the 80% of americans who genuinely have seen no advances in the last decade . but it will have to declare where it stands .

wordswordswordsthere are strange things here,wordswordswords said gilbert . he searched his pockets for a cigarette . there was only one . i had tobacco and cigarette papers , so i made one for myself and one for the old man . he examined it carefully .
to all but a mime ,
2 . a journey from looking for a new place to rent to finding a place to buy ! (which is still in process as well!)
applewordswordswordss most bitter rival in samsung has introduced a new teaser video ahead of the launch of its new galaxy s iii , and it subtly refers to iphone users as being like sheep .
in the last haarp ring forecast . . we saw 9 out of 11 areas be hit with damaging winds , hail , and possible tornadoes . http://sincedutch.wordpress.com/2012/04/22/4222012-circle-and-sawtooth-sweepswordswordswords
during the workout . the five basic components of physicalfitness : cardiorespiratory or aerobic endurance , muscular endurance , muscular
but i have to come up with my own topics ! !
while your noodles are boiling get a wok/larger sautwordswords pan and heat the olive oil wordswordswords add the garlic . once it is fragrant add your smorgasbord of vegetables and the red pepper flakes . cook for 2-3 minutes until your veggies are crisp-tender . nobody likes overcooked veggies ( :
like that sundae at the diner that time . remember that ? you asked for ice cream , nuts , chocolate , caramel sauce , maraschino cherries . ..and sprinkles . multicolored and chocolate . oh , and slivered almonds too ! let's not think about the stomach ache that followed . aftermaths don't matter .
overall = 3.7
29 . wordswordswordsall our dreams can come true wordswordswords if we have the courage to pursue them.wordswordswords wordswordswordswalt disney
not sure what you were doing , brian , wandering about in high barnet on friday night : perhaps you were at a bit of a loose end . . . there isn't much on telly these days , is there ?
- sharing some american goodies with my friends
i like these romanian postage stamps too ! especially the bear with the flowers ! remember that you can always click on my photos to enlarge them .
still , as they say you canwordswordswordst push a stalled jaguar up a hill , although , to be fair this does tend to apply to most of the big cats , tigers in particular , who wordswordswords as many naturalists will attest have a noticeable antipathy to any perceived incline .
my dearest friends ,
tuesday november 10th 1 to 3pm and 5:30 to 8pm
commenting turned out to be somewhat of a challenge so if any of you crafters didn't get a visit we're truly sorry but it was sort of out of our hands .
what will they become but
stay tuned for part 2 .
do you remember your audition for sparks ?
except , it is opened only once a year , it is where our christmas decorations are kept .
my husband constructed two garden boxes for me , made out of wood that was once on the back of our home . our home was built in 1948 , so i figure that makes our victory gardens just a little more authentic !
i mean come on , joseph gordon levitt and lady gaga ! ? i . could . die . dramatic much ? me ? no ! thanks totally looks like/icanhascheeseburger !
the best room is the one with the religious items and the ' going for pilgrimage ' display . there's an egg with a whole chapter of the quran written on it ! on my last visit , my friend managed to keep a look out while i snapped a quick pic on my phone !
under us law , regarding the anti-dumping duty petition , the doc will be scheduled to make its preliminary determination on april 3 , 2012 and the final conclusion on june 25 , 2012 . regarding the countervailing duty investigation , the doc will be scheduled to issue the preliminary determination on january 19 , 2012 , and the final decision on april 3 , 2012 . however , this timetable may be extended .
this infant warrior , in his enterprises
and thatwordswordswordss it ! hopefully youwordswordswordsll love your table as much as i do . i also made one for my sister as a house warming gift and she adores it . the best part of the table is that it is unique and has a story of itwordswordswordss own to tell . herewordswordswordss a front view of the table .
this is not so much a letter as it is
cayce picked up photography again in selma , alabama . he also opened a sunday school . in his spare time , he gave readings and his wife gertrude asked the questions while he wordswordswordsslept.wordswordswords later , cayce hired a secretary , gladys davis , to write down all the information given in the readings .
a modern and heartwarming original story about a young girl whose dream to compete as a world class gymnast is jeopardized when she begins to have trouble in school , an american girl : mckenna shoots for the starswordswordswords helps girls learn to believe not only in their family and friends but also themselves . with more than 139 million books and 21 million dolls sold , american girlwordswords has earned the loyalty of millions of girls and the praise and trust of parents and educators . just in time for the summer games , this fun family film on blu-raywordswordswords combo pack and dvd is available only at wal-mart , american girlwordswords retail stores and americangirl.com . a must-own addition for american girlwordswords fans , the film can also be purchased via digital download through a variety of online retailers .
for your text you may use book print , a stamp or any paper with text on . . . as long as we can see it
ride on the right
changes to illinois law often begin with something known as a shell bill , which usually alters one word or date in a specific article and section of the code . shell bills are a type of placeholder that allows lawmakers to make more substantive changes later in the session , often without scrutiny .
1/2 cup tapioca flour
i wanted to lie down
well the school she was speaking at was under construction .
side note : i first imagined this image all colored up in a rainbow of bright , tropical colors ; however , with one or two lonely exceptions , rainbows and i just don't play together nicely . i opted for an all-blue bird , thinking the final colored image would be easier to work with . are you kidding ? you could conduct a traffic stop with this shade of blue ! and i can assure you not one of my three bazillion pieces of patterned paper has this particular blue in it ! all of this to say . . . i'm a little skeered posting this one !
thank you for letting me share what has held me in the grip of impassioned experimentation for the last year and a half .
happy new year , and may your days in 2012 be merry and bright !
i chose stinky because of the writing and because of the illustrations . obviously , but what does that mean ?
chris enjoyed his first pint of guinness so much he had a second , so i drove the van home . it was only a few miles and it was the least i could do . we've got a lot of miles to cover in the next few weeks .
you must be professionally trained and have experience delivering dance in a range of settings . a driving licence is preferred , but not essential
- candice
alternate : the road
but can you guess
grill or pan fry butterflied andouille sausage on both sides until heated through and grill marks appear . cover with foil and set aside . once cooled , slice into wordswords inch slices and set aside .
overbearing regulations were set in place .
tens of millions of american men have had their lives completely destroyed by american women through the following crimes :
he stumbled upon the answer while he was recruiting at the international conference for young scientists in alexandria , egypt . one impressive young man , fresh out of grad school and still working on his doctorate , had given a fascinating presentation on the potential of retroviruses . with their ability to invade and insert their own dna into host cells , they were the perfect vehicle for transferring engineered genetic material into anyone , anyone at all . dr . randall offered the lad a six-figure salary on the spot , and arranged to have him begin working at the lab the following monday .
- if you had to show off about your company as sm trainees ?
it does not really matter to us thoughwordswordswordsbecause this could not possibly happen here ? this is the united states , we have our rights etc . etc . wordswordswordsits just a moviewordswordswords i hear most of my neighbors saying .
how could paul expect god to bless this trip and his stay in rome if he did it in the flesh ? it had to be godwordswordswordss work and it had to be godwordswordswordss way . otherwise he could not expect god to provide . furthermore if the apostle had prayed for the lord to work it all out and then went about to make his own plans it would grieve the holy spirit .
the comedy is up and down , but i laughed enough . i have a feeling some people might get annoyed by t.j . miller (you may remember him as the voice behind the camera in cloverfield) , but i thought he was funny . in fact , kirkwordswordswordss collection of friends , overall , was much less annoying than the usual group youwordswordswordsd see advising the hero in the ways of women . they didnwordswordswordst score a huge amount of laughs , outside of miller , but at least they were tolerable .
their destination is a pound that can only be described as a concentration camp for dogs .
the giveaway starts now and will run until saturday , april 30th . the winner(s) will be announced on may 1st .
i'm broody . wtf is that about . i can't stop thinking about wanting another kid . i'm not even out the woods with em yet , i'm still making it up as i go along and here i am pondering reproducing again . hell i'm not even off my meds yet . hormones ? my clock ticking ? who knows , i just know that i have to suck it up for now . i want a year off . a year of not trying , not stressing , not being pregnant , not breastfeeding . a year of nice times , holidays with family and just a lot less stress .
while it is painfully obvious that i do not support atleo in the upcoming election , it is important to note that i do not and will not be publicly supporting any candidate that chooses to put their name forward . i think candidates need to stand on their own past records , their ability to lead and inspire our peoples , and the quality of their election platforms . in other words , i do not believe we should support candidates based on who endorses them . this becomes a popularity contest instead of one which is based on traditional leadership virtues .
challenge 23 : to post november 4

what do we gain from those strong words ? any gospel that is different than that which paul received of the lord is false and is to be rejected . paulwordswordswordss testimony concerning jesus christ is the wordswordswordsone faithwordswordswords as singled out in ephesians 4:5 .
it's summer . the sky is blue . the sun is shinning . and i'm stuck in the office ?
facebook likes : 92,524
alice in chains - alice in blunderland
luke 10:35 on the next day when he departed he took out two denarri and gave them to the innkeeper and said to him take care of him and whatever extra you spend when i come again i will repay you .
wednesday - leftovers
so i went to the park to ask questions and seek answers i had shelved five years ago when i was first confronted with the issue of euthanization with my dog , malcolm .
then it was full on until about one o'clock in the morning and a similar process repeated on tuesday .
right now , broadmore is working full time on the grordbort world , and he couldn't be more thrilled about that . but that doesn't prevent him from dreaming of other , weirder projects that mash history up with the future . " i really want to do a series showing new zealand sort of reclaimed by nature , and in among the jungle foliage , you'd see dinosaurs wandering around next to old world war i equipment that's rusting away . and maybe i'd put some atari computers in there too . all of those seem like ancient things to me that sort of belong together . " dinosaurs , tanks , and ataris in the new zealand jungle ? sign me up for one of those paintings , please .
i did what any rational person in my position would do . i consulted the internet .
agents can't be like long lost cousins of lottery winners coming out of the woodwork suddenly when there's money to be had .
wordswordswordshold on.wordswordswords he released her hand , put the car into gear and roared off the white line .
q048) the good cook minzy , what is a popular menu amongst the members (that you make) ?
the daily mail .
wordswordswordsi am the vine ; you are the branches . if a man remains in me and i in him , he will bear much fruit ; apart from me you can do nothingwordswordswords john 15.5 niv .

solid plans make for solid finances . having this detailed plan will be a motivator for you also , as it will encourage you to work more diligently or decrease miscellaneous spending .
up next in the queue is the second season finale of the west wing , entitled wordswordswordstwo cathedrals.wordswordswords iwordswordswordsm a huge fan of this series , having gotten hooked in reruns during season four , and this episode is one of my absolute favorites .
xvcyl blog (xvcylblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the amazon services llc and amazon eu associates programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com , amazon.ca , amazon.co.uk , amazon.de , amazon.fr , amazon.it and amazon.es . certain content that appears on this website comes from amazon services llc and/or amazon eu . this content is provided wordswordswordsas iswordswordswords and is subject to change or removal at any time .
so when levi articulated yesterday how ooo relates to invisible man , i thought that was really amazing . i know thatwordswordswordss implicit there , why not make it explicit ! its important , i think , to do so , for a wide variety of reasons .
a charlie brown christmas . . . abc . . . 8 pm
i had a great month hanging out with my cousins and friends . i did some pretty neat things even when i didnwordswordswordst plan on it and overall it was a fun and exciting month . i canwordswordswordst wait to see what may brings . i canwordswordswordst believe i graduated college a year ago and wewordswordswordsve been dealing with my momwordswordswordss situation for a full year ! crazy !
herewordswordswordss the problem , these machines are sooooo expensive . like $500 expensive . it just seems like an awful lot of dough to make dough . the machine that burned was a walmart kitchenaid basic model that my lovely german friend left me when she moved back (something about a plug issue) . itwordswordswordss more reasonably priced at around $250 but i donwordswordswordst think it was meant for mixing dough . not enough power and i am not dumb enough to try that again .
i'm back . i've spent the last three and a half weeks on the gulf coast of florida enjoying glorious warm sunny days whilst my family and friends back home in england suffered cold , wind and rain . we stay in a modest two bed condominium on siesta key , a short walk to the 3.5 mile beach voted the " best beach in the usa " last year and it's paradise . i thought i ' d share a few photos . the unit has two bedrooms and two bathrooms and a screened in balcony . it is available for rent . if anyone is interested , drop me a line . the condominium has a website too although the photos of our place are old before refurbishment .
all others wordswordswordsround deny ?
from the foregoing , it seems probable that sometime during 2012 , the demand for new dwellings will outstrip the current overhang of supply in many areas . if balance is to be maintained in the housing market , then as a starting point , lands in such areas currently held by nama must be released for development in time to avert this shortage .
combine milk , sugar , yeast and oil in a small bowl .
i've never covered a film festival before , but i've been told that this is a far more relaxed kind of festival than , say , the ongoing toronto international film festival (which i hope to one day attend , after plans to do so this year fell through) . hopefully , then , i'll be able to handle the pressure of pooling my impressions in a reasonably timely manner . (i'm not the only one covering the festival for the house , so i'll have some help in that regard.)
oh and he's also got a wicked sense of fun . ..tonight he reached 1000 followers on twitter and is going to run ten miles of it naked !
cl . there was quite a long process of organisation and re-cataloguing after the archive arrived at crisap . once we had decided to try and place it within the ual archives and special collections we worked with the archivists there to get it into the state that they required . we had always thought that we would have a small launch event just to say , wordswordswordsitwordswordswordss herewordswordswords maybe a study day at lcc . however tate were interested wordswordswords electra were interested wordswordswords and it grew from there .
all my family that received an invite has called or texted about how cute caleb looks in that tie .
this is the term used for hearing without letting anything touch your brain cells . total tune-out . many indians will agree with you without hearing a single word you say or correct you hearing only half of what you say and the rest they construct from the people they have met before . when you speak to an indian , he is not responding to you or anything you said . . just to the sum total of what he has heard in life till then on that topic . . and then he states his position on that subject . with a 20,000 year history and everything already said by everyone better than you , where is the need to hear you out or to understand the theme of your argument ?
wordswordswordsa new marquette law school poll in wisconsin shows mitt romney leading rick santorum in the republican presidential race , 39% to 31% , with ron paul at 11% and newt gingrich at 5%wordswordswords .
from the moment that we become aware of this opposite sex we start trying to analyze it , make sense of it , avoid the behaviors that donwordswordswordst only to brush those off as stupid , sophomoric , useless behaviors ; and while sometimes it is just plain fact , their behavior can be useless , and sophomoric , it can also be argued that what is often dismissed by us may be the very thing that we need to understand at an even deeper level , and could quite possibly be the catalyst that will help bring us to fully connecting with this other person .
i have such a mental block about this necklace right now - i don't want to take it apart , but it isn't working the way it is now , and it never will . once i accepted this , the decision was so clear . doesn't make the decision any easier , but it has to be done . i think the fringing will go so much easier once i can start fresh !
(2) disciplinary rule 325 (by failing to pay the scottish fa , within three days of the above match , monies due under rule 46(c)(1) of the scottish fawordswordswordss cup competition rules ; being the scottish fawordswordswordss levy on admission charges for the above match.)
fold foil to close and crimp edges to seal . place the tin foil package at the edge of the fire . do not place it directly in the flame . the goal is not to burn it to a crisp , but to roast it slowly with the heat from the fire . remember to turn it every 3 to 5 minutes or so (it shouldn't take longer than 10 to 15 minutes , depending how your open fire is and how thick your piece of meat is) . take it off the heat .
i am planning on tracking my data by having my target audience record their feedback about the experience . i believe this will allow me to accurately record their responses . the feedback will be sorted into categories . i will then embed the audio into a document for easy access .
pour the batter into the cake pan , put the pan on a cookie sheet (to catch drips and splashes) , and put on the middle oven rack .
santorum was helped by the focus , in the opening 45 minutes , on economic and fiscal issues . it allowed him to speak like a reasonable conservative , about debt and social security and the evil of the wall st . bailout , without scaring independent voters with his pronounced views on faith , sex and reproductive freedomwordswordswords . wordswordswords national journal , 2-22-12
so the big issue facing next gen is development costs and profits . this week i have been following ways to deal with these issues . in this article i am looking at used sales , used sales are driving retail costs higher . now iwordswordswordsve looked at two ways of curbing used sales , but all methods to curb used sales by publishers would hurt them . retailers would retaliate hard . but what if it was the retailer themselves that solved the issue ?
6 . centennial : 7-14 vs . deer valley
richard meryon , director of the garden tomb , told travelujah that the arabic-hebrew event has become wordswordswordsthe most spiritually significant service here wordswordswords can there be a more important signal to the world than that palestinian and israelis believers meet and worship together ? wordswordswords
okinawa is presently host to more than half of the 47,000 us forces stationed in japan , a fact that has been the source of intense opposition from okinawan residents .
it really makes me smile to see my girls eating well and trying new foods . i am loving this family meal planning thing and loving the time spent at the dinner table a whole lot more .
these little flower mary jane's are from a pattern i bought on etsy from monpetitviolon . it was an easy pattern and it's always nice to make something that doesn't take weeks to finish , haha . can't wait to put them on some tiny little footsies .
her : umm i don't know .
by execution watch
kara gives even more compelling information about the use of paper napkins on her website :
this 77 page book is filled with ideas on all things idea-ology , plus just about every technique i could think to put in it . the book is hard cover and metal spiral bound so it sits open flat on your table while youwordswordswordsre creating . i share my favorite supplies , tips , techniques , and a gallery showing ideas of putting it all togetherwordswordswords
awfully proud of these guys !
while the sea shimmers at dusk
where our minds and hearts tend to wander when wewordswordswordsre in each others presence .
my teachers probably remember me aswordswordswords a pain in the arse !
though wordswordswordsglobal warmingwordswordswords may not be a motivating force for behavior change , the receipt of attention and encouragement from others in our social communities is very motivating . if you need proof , just take a minute and think about the amount of time you spend on facebook every week ! that same social force can be used to motivate green behavior .
like a kaleidoscope of colors and drops of purple rainbows
the stuff :
on boxing day , december 26th i continued being social and attended a lovely party at a g/fwordswordswordss house which they hosted on a rotational basis . lots of friends from the yacht club that i knew along with many of their family members and extended family too . i hadnwordswordswordst really felt like going out for a third day in a row , but i had a really good time and was proud of myself for making the effort .
everyone seems to be talking about leadership , many people are writing about leadership , and everyone seems to want to be a better leader .
but what else is in it ?
remember the
it was a story based on an assignment i had given in class : take a myth or fairy tale and place it in a modern day setting .
i am grateful for a bit of give and take , even if it may take some negotiating .
free book
why is he a great 1970's dad for all that ? you can't understand most of what 1970's dads say either . another reason is encoded in how woodward's belle triumphs over both father and suitor through sheer her unyielding womanly wiles and will , and thus earns her newman -- then and forever . that's the sign of a loving patriarch who , for all his assertive grandson-craving , clearly hasn't fostered fearful children . there's no indication of physical abuse in their faces , no ominous chords in the score indicating he might slap someone at any moment . his tantrums and demonstrations of force preclude all resorts to mundane physical or mental abuse to get his way (unless you count hollerin ' - but since woodward's not at all cowed by it , you shouldn't) . i'm sure there's students of feminism out there who would object to his sheer ungainly macho manner , and maybe they're the reasons so many movie , tv , commercial fathers all talk in these high , wimpy little voices .
lb told me that when they ran around their school building , she was always first . i started to get a little worried . what if she was a little running prodigy ? what if i really couldn't keep up with her ? i decided there was nothing i could do and if i lost my running buddy because she was a speed demon , someone else would run with her ! someone was holding a rope about waist-high (so nearly as tall as lb) across the start line and her eyes got wide . " we have to jump over that ? " i explained that it was keeping all the excited girls like her from taking off so soon . the expression in lb's eyes reminded me of sonic the hedgehog revving up before he goes flying across a loop-de-loop . she was totally fired up . i told her about the countdown before the race started . . . .and then i heard girls counting down ! 10 . ..9 . ..8 . ..7 . ..6 (and i took my hand out of lb's hand just long enough to start my garmin and then grab her hand again) . ..5 . ..4 . ..3 . ..2 . ..1 . . . .
4:40 : i leave the yarn shop with a new skein of alpaca sock yarn . i drive to michael's work to pick him up .
the terriers spent too much of their season losing to the likes of bucknell , lasalle and quinnipiac , all teams that were within their reach , in games that they lost by no more than three points .
as i said before , these are only some (although iwordswordswordsm fairly confident i could say wordswordswordsmostwordswordswords) of the terms and abbreviations associated with using coupons . but if you understand just these , you should be able to navigate the couponing world with ease .
wordswordswordsand they are not nearly as fast as a car.wordswordswords
she will help you to remember . honor the earth and become one with her in loving and symbiotic relationship . your acknowledgement brings joy and gladness to her great being . she is so very ready to work in unison with you .
the lordwordswordswordss command wordswordswordsto guard our hearts with all diligencewordswordswords begins with noticing whatwordswordswordss happening to them as the issues of life unfold . so begin today . become a noticer , and follow the rules of engagement to fight the most important battle of your life . you wonwordswordswordst be sorry you took the risk .
now , think about the last time you went out of your way ,
its tough seeing f1 step out of the love motor racing fans world and over the fence and into the world of the rich and those who can afford sports packages .
at least it's not a chalky , thick pastel ;) it is , however , a yellow creme i could see myself wearing - it doesn't turn my fingers into lobstery coloured monsters , lol . yellow is just not a colour i wear that much .
optional : add an herb or choice or chopped , fresh spinach
wewordswordswordsre just starting to kayakwordswordswordsour adventurous spirit is reviving from a near death experience as we finally shed some of this horrible weightwordswordswordsand we spent about an hour on a calm pond next to the river in town trying out different kinds and sizes of boats . (or , in the vernacular , wordswordswordsyaks.wordswordswords) afterward we decided to drive up into the reservoir system northeast of boise to scout for more exciting places to paddle once we spread our wings .
the instructions for these models are great . they are clear and concise with both diagrams and pictures , multiple ways to square your building , and plenty of modeling tips . as i mentioned earlier , i put these together in about two hours . you could have four painted buildings done in an afternoon .
easier said than done , but one can try .
they were flaky and buttery yet dense and moist all at the same time .
the journal of risk research published the study online today . it was funded by the national science foundationwordswordswordss division of social and economic sciences .
those that make it into an esteemed institution promote the prestige of their family , says professor rizvi . yet those that donwordswordswordst often sink into depression or in extreme cases , commit suicide .
(5) snacks : especially nonperishable food like dried fruit , energy bars , nuts , and things that are easy to eat on-the-move .
it is clear from his use of the passage that paul understood wordswordswordsplacing all things under christwordswordswordss feetwordswordswords to mean rulership . why should that not be the case , since after his resurrection , jesus explicitly stated that he had been given wordswordswordsall authority in heaven and on earth.wordswordswords when jesus was born , the angel gabriel said that he would be given the throne of david his forefather , and that he would reign forever . so it would be most natural for the apostles to understand his post-resurrection words to mean that he was reigning as their king , even if the way in which he was to rule turned out to be different from what they expected . the psalmistwordswordswordss statement that he was to reign in the midst of his enemies is consistent with the idea that his rulership expands until , by the end of his reign , all things are under his feet . a great
" when are you going to tell her ? "
with aging , gone are the days of youth . some of us bemoan the loss of exuberance , passion , good looks , healthy bodies , and meaningless simple fun . but these things are not gone by any means . the only thing that has to be gone is youth and that is not really a bad thing .
i am slowly working myself out of leisure mode . we are home from a week long family vacation to the rocky mountains . our first few days in denver reminded me that i am not a big city girl at heart . our cabin , which was dropped in a crevice between mountains with a loud stream bubbling through the back yard , was lovely . it reinforced , however , the fact that i really do prefer to see farther than the next bend in the road . there were an awful lot of bends in those roads .
starbase 10 was the fantasy/gaming shop specializing in star trek which occupied the building before the previous owners and active imagination , where all these guys met and still hang out . the owner of starbase 10 , the first to establish that as a gaming store many years ago , was my husband's squire in the sca before he was knighted , and one morning he was here in a great full costume , having stopped on his way somewhere else to show me his new romanian hurdy-gurdy , when joe and his brother came downstairs . " do you want to see a hurdy gurdy ? " i asked enthusiastically .
wordswordswordshey buddy,wordswordswords he said to me .
mccarten chooses his words carefully and uses language appropriate to the period . i have no doubt that purists will find something to criticise but iwordswordswordsm not one of those . mccarten admits to artistic license , but who is to say if his thomas edison is not an accurate portrayal or a complete and utter fabrication ? at the end of the day it is a novel , itwordswordswordss made up of lies that somehow transform into various truths when the covers are opened . i make no bones about it , this is not a book i would have picked up in a bookshop , but thatwordswordswordss why i do these reviews because you never know what is going to electrify you in the nicest way possible or be a shock to the system . this one was wordswordswords iwordswordswordsm sorry , iwordswordswordsm going to be predictable again and say it wordswordswords just brilliant .
can you smell the berries and spice on the nose , and taste the juicy bright cherries , dried pink rose petals , and loamy " funk " in our pinot noir ? can you believe that the sarver's sell this for only $20 ? i think it's one of the best pinot noir values in all of oregon . and , if i may say , not terribly unlike some good french burgundy's i've had .
this is a recipe i invented to give myself a quick easy butter chicken when i don't feel like going through the hassle of making the entire sauce from scratch . using a korma sauce as a base and tweaking it a bit will give you a very nice dinner with minimal effort !
i wanted to do something special for her , so i made her a special kit and decided that all of the proceeds from this kit will be donated to the susan g komen race for the cure on her behalf .
there is talk of cancer .
2010.08.22 pakistan dera ismail khan 1 0 sunni terrorists gun down an innocent shia father of two young children .
most nights , we race to bed to see who can get there first mainly because , if i get there first , i can fall asleep with out listening to the snoring . if he gets there first , the bed isn't hot .
to make a long story short : everyone had believed that i was in jail . . goes to show everyone thinks i am capable of ending up in a jail .
one afternoon we were driving up the highway outside of langley . i was reading a magazine - the smithsonian i think - and i was chatting to kirk about an article discussing the greatest achievement of modern medicine : the successful campaign against smallpox . wasn't it amazing , i said , the way the who had managed it , wasn't it wonderful that the world was safe now from a disease that had been a deadly threat for thousands of years . very quietly , his hands stiff on the wheel , he said ' it's not gone . '
drag : is there anyone else we should know about ? is there a woman in your life ?
florence , milan , genoa and venice became independent cities during the florence italy rentals in which vacation real estate investors to rush towards italy property . property italy in order to make more sense of nostalgia of by gone days , as you realize that two thousand years ago , property for sale in italy , right in the florence italy rentals in italy , in one of these lovely gardens in italy . in florence , venice , rome , naples , milan and pisa are the florence italy rentals of celebrities . the stars , such as sicily , were taken over first by muslims in the florence italy rentals in italy . quad band cell phones sim locked ? one of the italian authorities have made some modifications to the florence italy rentals of the florence italy rentals and the florence italy rentals is the florence italy rentals in many other countries the florence italy rentals , the florence italy rentals in italy . apulia is one of these residences at different times during the florence italy rentals . throughout the florence italy rentals of the florence italy rentals if you had rented italy cell phone need to know the florence italy rentals with heavy investment by the florence italy rentals in the florence italy rentals . gsm provides crystal clear connectivity , so much so that it is meant for the florence italy rentals next thousand years , italy became a complex land with the florence italy rentals with the florence italy rentals of the florence italy rentals , his successors tried to keep the florence italy rentals , however . after a couple of changes in power , italy became a great time and no longer is there the florence italy rentals of options that used to be a wonderful experience .
can i have two ? well , you wouldnwordswordswordst expect anything else , really , would you ? i do have the gift of the gab ! iwordswordswordsve had an idea for a psychological thriller in the back of my mind for a while so i might put a few things down for that shortly . iwordswordswordsd also love to be included in an anthology of top crime authors wordswordswords well , you did say dream project !
it seems so far fetched , but what do i have to lose right now ? i am so low and alone and yes i can admit that i am constantly searching for mr right and falling deeper into my empty hole
we did not go for a walk on the first day of the year .
agent : what happened then ?
that is what i like to see in films these days , and i have to say the brits do a jolly good job with top actors and funny one liners .
i've been working on my sample for the class and since the class is about symbols , i'm starting out with creating the images that will go in the book .
beneath it all , desire of oblivion runs .
opalotypes - also known as opal types or milk glass positives - were introduced by joseph glover and john bold of liverpool , who patented their invention in 1857 , but a number of methods of preparation were in common use by the mid-1860s (towler , 1866 ; waldack , 1865) . they were made by applying photosensitised emulsion to the surface of an opal glass substrate , usually with a gelatine binder layer . the plate was then exposed to the negative either by contact printing or by use of a specially designed copying camera , and the image developed . the surface of the print was often colour-tinted by hand , and they were often cased in the same way that daguerreotypes and collodion positive portraits (ambrotypes) had been previously . whitman et al (2007) describe opalotypes being produced until the 1940s , although the process was never very popular , perhaps due to the relatively high cost .
aliens seem to have invaded the village , but there's a strong police presence ,
dated poster
label : decca (uk issue on mca)
after accepting all 150 stars , acknowledgment to cool , air-conditioned abundance and you can hunt a fatter adjustment of the penguin .
political highlights debt ceiling showdown july 25-31 , 2011 : finally , a deal ! after week of partisan votes in congress wordswordswords president obama , white house , republican & democratic leaders agree to debt deal wordswordswords still needs to pass house & senate votes wordswordswords history musings , 8-1-11
commuting in vancouver . even in november , vancouver for the past 3 years , has had 2 bike to work week events in spring and fall since there is a growing cycling population to sustain this event .
first off i didn't even know hazel lived in cheyenne . i've never established her residence , but he has . second , i tell her he can't leave her that they're married now . he retorts by telling me that i should know he never wanted to to get married , he's said that all along and now he's saddled with his second wife when he never wanted the first one . he goes on to tell me he married out of duty and now he wants out . and do it quickly before she gets pregnant . so , i asked him if he loves her . he says yes , but and when he's around her he can't think right . and then get this crap . he doesn't feel a man is a man when their heads are all muddled with thoughts of love , that his beautiful wife strips him of his power , of his anger , that he doesn't feel like himself anymore .
am i racist ? it depends how you define ' racist' . in my experience i have not met one person on this entire planet , in all the countries that i have travelled to who is not racist , according to my definition . i have simply met people who are honest about their ' racism ' and people who are in self-rigthteous denial about their ' racism ' .
37 . roll of thunder , hear my cry - taylor (1976)
it was like i was a balloon , stretching and expanding as helium lifted me up and up .
a cracked mirror , mirror
located in rancho dominguez , calif . , fmf is an industry leader in aftermarket exhausts for all types of motorcycles . the brand has had strong ties to motocross since its early days in the 1970s . now , four decades later , fmf is taking the next step in its support of the sport .
though there are definitely unschooling parents/teens who don't have very good relationships with their teens/parents , it seems that the majority of unschoolers really and truly do . which to me , is a wonderful thing to see . and i believe the reason for that is actually pretty simple .
wordswordswordshowever , the crisis is not over,wordswordswords he added . wordswordswordsit can only be resolved with a combination of rains and continued , coordinated , long-term actions that build up the resilience of local populations and link relief with development.wordswordswords
actually educating children isn't ridiculously expensive . public schools spend a ridiculous amount of money and claim it is necessary but homeschoolers have achieved outstanding results at a fraction of the cost .
7 . popeyewordswordswordss ripwordswordswordsn chickwordswordswordsn
well there you are , my two favorite guys . i can't believe you're turning 3 tomorrow , and at the same time i can't believe you've only been in my life for three years . i don't remember what it was like without you . you are my little best friend , my teacher , and the coolest 3 year old i know : )
to take that first step
wordswordswordsit is clear that men accept an immediate pain rather than an immediate pleasure , but only because they expect a greater pleasure in the future . often the pleasure is illusory , but their error in calculation is no refutation of the rule . you are puzzled because you cannot get over the idea that pleasures are only of the sense ; but , child , a man who dies for his country dies because he likes it as surely as a man eats pickled cabbage because he likes it.wordswordswords
we watched faith like potatoes last night . wewordswordswordsd had that dvd for a loooong time (iwordswordswordsm surprised i didnwordswordswordst get an email reminding me to return it when we were done viewing it wordswordswords but i guess that as long as theywordswordswordsre getting their monthly fee from us , theywordswordswordsre ok wordswordswords ha!) . it was a good movie , although it got off to a rather slow start . itwordswordswordss based on a true story , which always appeals to me . i need to go check my queue to see whatwordswordswordss up next wordswordswords i wonder how long wewordswordswordsll have it before we get a chance to watch it wordswordswords with cardinals games almost every night and with the blues still playing , we donwordswordswordst have a lot of free evenings to watch movies .
i have exams from next week and then new decisions to make about career and further studies . there was a time when i used to feel excited on thinking of career , but now when iwordswordswordsm more experienced and aware of how things work in the society iwordswordswordsm not really excited about working for someone else anymore .
combine the 1/4 cup espresso and water in a small bowl . place one of the chocolate layers , cut side up , on a cardboard cake round . using a pastry brush , lightly moisten the layer with the expresso mixture . spread a layer of mocha-flavored buttercream and shave it down to about 1/4 " thick , bringing it to the edge of the layer .
know through him wordswordswords
now , in case you think iwordswordswordsm becoming a beer snob (maybe the bulk of the population are just beer slobs ? ) iwordswordswordsm not , iwordswordswordsm just using these pages to lament the fact that award winning craft beers and imported offerings are never given the sort of full page spread that items , like this , of dubious merit or educational worth seem to get regularly . if you want to make up a full page ad for a big brewer , just say so .
i feel pregnant again a few months ago . we lost that baby too . we didn't tell people that we'd fallen pregnant , but eventually i did tell a few friends that i'd lost another .
print-on-demand is another way for artists to earn passive income . you can upload your artwork to print-on-demand sites such as zazzle or cafepress to create products such as t-shirts , mugs , stickers , and more . you can set your royalty rates and create as many products as you want .
other than the fact that he was on his best behavior today , i love the little moments when he randomly pulls on my heartstrings . tonight , while i was cooking dinner , " country girl (shake it for me) " by luke bryan came on the radio and he grabbed my hand , insisting i go into the living room . we occasionally get up and dance , but he has never encouraged me to dance with him . did i mention the fact this is my favorite song ? love that boy and his almost 3-year old booty shakin ' self !
we were supposed to have a barbeque , but the wind might keep that from happening . which , in a way , isnwordswordswordst too bad because i wouldnwordswordswordst be able to attend anyway because of an issue that i donwordswordswordst need to discuss . and no , itwordswordswordss nothing personal between me and anyone that lives here wordswordswords wewordswordswordsre a great lot of friends wordswordswords itwordswordswordss something else .
for the first time in an age , iwordswordswordsm into a book . iwordswordswordsve got that particular feeling wordswordswords a strange , dazed sort of weightlessness that is instantly recognisable , but so rare nowadays . and itwordswordswordss brilliant to have it back .
invisible lips hidden by beard and dripping pieces of blood
the move came even as the portal claimed that it had absolved itself from such practices , after the government disallowed airlines from participating in such schemes .
i received a complimentary copy of this book from tyndale house publishers , in exchange for my honest review .
life is the life .
i am missing home . not the ungodly heat that is still holding austin in its hellish grip , but the kid , the husband , the dawg and kittehs . yes , and even the leopard gecko . i am also missing my full-size shower and private place to , you know , doo-doo . plus , when you're an old lady such as myself , there are at least a couple of instances of getting up in the middle of the night to tinkle . and having to stumble half-asleep down the hall and into a brightly lit communal bathroom to do so is not as much fun as you might imagine .
at the farmerwordswordswordss market , during the summer , you may go one saturday and find that the berries you thought you were going to buy are no longer available . fresh fruit is always on our list , but buying locally , i have definitely branched out on the fruits i will try .
shoes , enzo angiolini - goodwill
but maybe iwordswordswordsm just cynical . feel free to add your thoughts to the matter in the comments .
the source said only the nine experienced members knew how to carry out inspections and checks correctly , and they had to " pick up the weight " of the 41 inexperienced firefighters .
drowning ruth was picked for oprah's book club in 2000 . i honestly couldn't care less about what oprah thinks is a good book , but i was still drawn to the storyline .
however , in the past few years , iwordswordswordsve moved from fairly regular , if relatively low-paid , gigs in comedy and kidswordswordswords telly to developing fewer , bigger , drama projects .
it was a painless loss because it happened so
agnes parma , who is partially sighted , diabetic , clinically obese and now a wheelchair user , was informed on wednesday (25 april) that she had just two days to move from her nursing home placement , which is funded by hackney council , to new accommodation that has not yet been fully adapted to cater for her physical disabilities .
modesty , says she was " flattered " .
i wish the british didnwordswordswordst have such tiny series . waiting 2 yrs after a series pilot to get just three more episodes is a bum rap . do 26 of these , please ! and thatwordswordswordss the problem i have with british tv . you can barely spend as much time on a series you love as a series you hate , because by the time youwordswordswordsve watched enough episodes to really know the difference , itwordswordswordss over anyway .
item wordswordswords accept from any kart for anniversary appearance get a gold bays in every cup in the admirable prix on 150cc mirror that you didnwordswordswordst use to alleviate r.o.b .
in the 1930s , under the regime of joseph stalin , music was forced to be contained within certain boundaries of content and innovation . composers were discouraged from experimenting with new sounds or new instruments , and required to have their music wordswordswordsapprovedwordswordswords before it was performed . some composers had to leave the country when their music was considered wordswordswordsanti-communistwordswordswords by the government censors .
kaitlyn really wanted to have a sleepover for her birthday . i was thinking 8 was still too young , but she has been to one and so have some of her friends , so i told her ok , she could invite 5 friends . let me tell you , 6 girls make a lot of noise ! !
39 . what is your favorite book(s) or author(s) ?
to kick off this great tradition , brueggerwordswordswordss 300 plus locations all across the country will host free coffee day on november 9th . they are inviting guests to come in and enjoy a piping hot cup of brueggerwordswordswordss coffee and asking them to make a donation to their local childrenwordswordswordss hospital in return . all money collected will be given back to that locations neighborhood hospital .
nov 22 wordswordswords bogartwordswordswordss wordswordswords cincinnati , oh (w/cobra starship)
appearing on state tv on monday night , cnrdre head captain amadou sanogo indicated that he means to play a role in maliwordswordswordss political transition , a role which may be at odds with the role he was expected to take under the auspices of an agreement reached between the junta and the regional body ecowas late last week .
wordswordswordsyou hurt and disappoint me , jeeves,wordswordswords i said , sipping a couple of sips and getting suaver all the time . wordswordswordsi could understand your attitude if the object under advisement were something bushy and waxed at the ends like a sergeant-majorwordswordswordss , but it is merely the delicate wisp of vegetation with which david niven has for years been winning the applause of millions . when you see david niven on the screen , you donwordswordswordst recoil in horror , do you ? wordswordswords
low fees are important but they are not everything .
34and joshua and all israel with him went on from lachish to eglon : and they took up their position against it and made an attack on it ;
anzac day is nearly upon us . i'll be honest this is one day on the calendar that we haven't dealt with much in our home .
preview the brewerywordswordswordss facilities , enjoy live music , and drink free texas craft beers !
considering that baring and chesterton had both been good friends of belloc since the turn of the century , it is perhaps surprising that they did not become acquainted with each other until as late as 1907 . indeed , as late as march 1908 , baring was writing to chesterton from moscow requesting a greater intimacy in their relationship , asking whether he might " call you by your christian name, " and adding his hope that " you and i and hilaire may meet . " the slow development of their friendship was probably due principally to baring's long absences from england , but once formed , their affection for each other grew stronger as the years passed . frances chesterton was to say many years later that of all her husband's friends there were none he loved more than maurice baring .
religion constitutes an effort toward unity . but by substituting the word wordswordswordsrelationshipwordswordswords we diminish that unity down to a bond between two individuals . it gives the notion that christianity is a solo effort . real unity requires that christians get along . religion is often marred by disunity because people attempt to unite over values and preferences . factions are never the result of too much orthodoxy but based on the assumption that we could be united on anything other than right opinion .
makes about 24 cookies
we had some snow while in almaty so the trees were just lovely . here it was the end of march - and it's snowing . all the time we spent in kokshetau in january and february and we got minimal snow but we go to almaty for three days and we get a couple of inches of snow . it was pretty warm so it would be melting in a few days . but it was fun to watch it snow and see it glisten on the trees .
and every so often . . .
2009- major low in march 2009 . end of the cyclical bear market and the beginning of a new cyclical bull . market rallies virtually non-stop for the next 12 months . very similar to march 2003-march 2004 . cyclical bull market heading into 2010 .
on the down side , she has been diagnosed with adhd and odd (oppositional defiance disorder) which is causing struggles and tension both at school and at home . she lived with a friend for a few months through the spring and summer , but is home again (home again , jiggity jig) . we are hopeful that she will be back on track very soon !
sorry , fantasy land is a place that i often reside .
may you stay safe in your new years celebrations , we will be sitting on our balcony sipping on tea , munching on biscuits watching our towns fireworks whilst i finish some hand-stitching on an extra special gift .
ever since iwordswordswordsve been a little boy iwordswordswordsve always wondered what would happen when i died . it might be a little morbid , but i can remember in primary school wordswordswordsif i die , itwordswordswordss like going to sleep but never waking up.wordswordswords and as hard as i tried to imagine that , it simply didnwordswordswordst make sense . i couldnwordswordswordst accept that it just wordswordswordsendedwordswordswords like that . surely , i thought , there had to be something more .
a fragile victory , but a victory nevertheless!! ! youhou ! i am officially as single as a bird without its nest (wow , i am really getting wordswordswordsprofoundwordswordswordswordswordswordshihi!) .
if i let the tylenol go longer than four hours and not take it , then i really start feeling like crap again .
the top two teams of the region automatically go to the summer olymics . though therewordswordswordsd be some bragging rights to winning concacafwordswordswordss olympic qualifying tournament , the real goal was getting out of semis . and , mexico did just that in a 3-1 victory over canada . tomorrow is the final .
wordswordswordswe really don't have a problem that i think would result in something like that,wordswordswords christian said .
the ipkat says , watch this space . . .
but what i really love about it is its encyclopedic ambition , which gives it so much more credibility than your average out-of-date cooking tome : pandya has a recipe for lambwordswordswordss brains curry (something i once ate in bangalore , wordswordswordstastes just like scrambled eggswordswordswords) , and rajvir arbi gapode , which pandya translates as wordswordswordsyam foogath for the brave.wordswordswords i havenwordswordswordst been brave enough to try it . yet .
coloured or black and white ? this is gay's question today . she could not choose which version she prefers , so i post both and you let us know which you prefer .
i thought that i'd photographed all of newcastle's park until i remembered about brandling park . it's more of a bowling club with a couple of small grassy areas around it but it counts as a park all the same so on my way back from a trip around gosforth i thought i'd grab a few photos .
here are my two cents on the matter . itwordswordswordss the 21st century . originality in a musical sense , i feel , is all but dead . unless youwordswordswordsre a psychedelic hardcore three-piece who incorporate jungle breakbeats and folk interludes with an accordion player , chances are the style of music you play has been done before by someone somewhere . i understand that some styles of music may be considered to be more formulaic than others , but deep down i think originality nowadays comes down to how and why the musicians in these bands write the music they do . if youwordswordswordsre letting record labels and external inputs affect your musical output , and shaping it into something that you as a musician do not feel is credible , then that is where the problem lies . too many wordswordswordspopwordswordswords artists these days are the shaped and manufactured products of greedy label executives and outside songwriters , and in my opinion thatwordswordswordss the kind of hollow and lifeless material that needs extinguishing . thatwordswordswordss not me saying wordswordswordsall pop music should be banishedwordswordswords , i love several pop artists , but i do think that the artists themselves need to be the ones taking the creative reigns , not the teams and stylists behind them . you me at six are a band that have tangled with the darker sides of the music industry : last year they released a track entitled wordswordswordsrescue mewordswordswords in collaboration with hip-hop duo chiddy bang which was vastly different to any of the bandwordswordswordss previous material . whilst they pushed the record at the time of its release , later on in the year they revealed it was something they were pushed into doing by their record label emi and that they wished to distance themselves from the track as much as possible , as it was not reflective of the type of band they wanted to be .
well after much anticipation , the 2012 saveur award winners were announced yesterday ! and i am thrilled and honoured to be the recipient of an award in the best single video category . thanks so much to all of you who voted online . i spent yesterday afternoon either blushing , beaming , or ok i'll even admit , jumping up and down a little , and perhaps letting out a scream or two (when no one was around) . truly , i think my mom was working a little magic , from wherever she iswordswordswords making sure a few more people know about her baba au rhum recipe which has always filled our hearts and bellies with delight at christmas . so this one's for her , for my mom jali , with a wink and a cheers , we did it !
plot : a planet killing spaceship wants to eat the enterprise .
3/4 cup red wine
forget mad scientists , these politicians who wanna negotiate for this " stuff " are far more mad and far more scary because they wanna take what makes the united states of america unique away from us , and drive us into the bog of eternal stench . slavery of every stripe stinks to high heaven and that's what this " stuff " is , the chains of slavery .
from the early 1970s , the running boom had three major names in adidas , puma and nike . the shoes back then were very retro-like until nike came along and came up with the waffle-like bottom . then came arch supports , wide widths and the like .

so what the prophet described , as quoted in wordswordsr8.2 , is not lying :
chapters were introduced to the bible in 1238 by cardinal hugo de s . caro . verse divisions were not added until 1551 by robertus stephanus .
speaking of the yogurt shop murders , the prosecutor in that case , efrain de la fuente , is running to replace retiring travis county district judge mike lynch presiding over felony cases . de la fuente is opposed by a long-time austin defense attorney david wahlberg , who told the austin statesman :
rural/metro-pridemark ambulance provides emergency and non-emergency ambulance services in colorado . rural/metro also provides non-emergency medical transportation services to several denver metro area hospitals and healthcare providers . the workforce of over 400 highly trained emts , paramedics , rns , dispatchers , fleet mechanics , vehicle supply technicians , and administrative personnel value their communities as much as their patients . the company is committed to a positive patient experience and strong community partnerships .
this book was recommended to me by my friend (angela of reading angel) and since i trust trust trust her opinions about books , i became so excited to read it . fortunately (have i told i am so lucky lucky ? ) i won the book in one of her giveaway . told you i'm lucky ! =)
we waited a long time , but it was totally worth it ! we ended up front row , right up against the stage . we could lean on the stage and there werenwordswordswordst any people humping us from behind like there usually are because there were separate rows .
and amy's generous gift reminds me that it's again time to do my part for those in need . so i decided to donate to a local no-kill cat shelter , furry friends refuge . they have several black kitties , who don't seem to find homes as quickly as the others . i used to make and donate little cuddle quilts to the cats at another shelter and hope to do so again . i'm sorry to wax philosophical here but amy's gift really touched my heart . i hope if there's an opportunity for you to touch someone's life in a positive way , you'll take the time to do it . the good you do will come back to you !
if you are like me , this is the first time iwordswordswordsve seen this picture , and i wonder why is that .
but it creates hurdles in social settings .
strawberry leaves are a small daisy punch roughly cut in half .
when i was a little girl i felt sorry for the horses who had blinders on their eyes . i understood later that the blinders kept the horses from distractions and kept them following the path set for them . iwordswordswordsm thinking that spiritual blinders would help me stay focused on jesus and his guidance and would be a very good thing even if they were uncomfortable . lord can you give me blinders ?
someone had left two baskets of strawberries in my fridge and i woke up one morning knowing they were on their last little legs . i could almost hear them calling to me , wordswordswordsend it ! end our suffering!wordswordswords
concentrating capital and family decision-making . it is unthinkable to most koreans , japanese , or chinese people to leave their children to finance their education or housing totally to the banks and government . itwordswordswordss not always that there is the expectation of care later on , but if one has the money , why would they have their kids pay 5-7+% interest every year on a loan ? a western adaptation to this could be to write a loan contract , even with interest , but at least this money would be kept within the family instead of to random investors and institutions . this securing of financing from outside sources is a major reason why westerners are losing their holdings wordswordswords it is like a chicken handing over her eggs to the fox and then wondering where her pension went .
before you ' drop ' the tablet and then hold on to the sides of the bed
jimmie ira holley , 54 , lanham , md .
the morning after the night before (which is another blog altogether) we sneaked out of dave's uncle's house (where we had sneaked in at 1am when everyone was in bed) , leaving behind only an apologetic bottle of vitesse noir on the table as evidence that we had actually been there .
i am realising that the churches in mitchell's plain are ' between' . they do not follow the pattern of the traditionally afrikaans-speaking churches nor that of the traditionally english-speaking . and i don't feel that they have settled into a comfortable place of just being themselves either .
to make your
there are countless volunteer opportunities out there . countless . and each one of them serve a purpose . they fill a need .
use numbers (but not too large)
4 . thread
when i first thought of this post i was in a rage . imagine that . this post has been coming for while . i don't know if it will help or enlighten any of the offenders but i hope so . i hope that until you read this you had no clue what you were doing or saying and i hope you will think next time you speak .
rothschild was not a technician . ..he could not create the weaponry for israel . but he could inform its intelligence leaders (with whom he was very close as an important , secret member of mossad) which scientists might be helpful , where the available technology might be and how it might be obtained and funded .
ha ! " the experts" . . . .
" girlfriend says you are looking well , and wants to know if you have lost weight . "
who knows , maybe one day , iwordswordswordsll even share the name my parents gave me at birth because i love it equally for different reasons . meanwhile , here plunges aurora morealist into that great void of linguistic manoeuvering and literary license .
katewordswordswordss strong attitude is enjoyable to read and roberts undenying honor to those people he love .
huckleberry finn has been rocking the korean indie club circuit for over a decade and is one of koreawordswordswordss finest harder edged alternative rock units around . part of this is due to the ferocity of lead singer lee soyoungwordswordswordss vocals , whose husky rock howl matches pound-for-pound ever other rock singer in the scene . and while huckleberry finn wonwordswordswordst have the broadness of jaurimwordswordswordss appeal , being quite tied to their specific alternative rock sound , lee soyoung will provide the kind of powerhouse female rock vocals that will rattle the audience , especially when tied up with the bandwordswordswordss potent arrangements .
mj has a lovely engagement ring (which i also failed to photograph) and seems really , really happy . (in fact , i had commented on her happiness before she showed me the ring.) they are only barely thinking about wedding planning at this point . mj says it will probably not take place for a couple of years .
wordswordswordsnotwithstanding any other provision of law , a self-protected entity may , for cybersecurity purposes wordswordswords (i) use cybersecurity systems to identify and obtain cyber threat information to protect the rights and property of such self-protected entity ; and (ii) share such cyber threat information with any other entity , including the federal governmentwordswordswords
though you can't say if you'll arrive
i can see why you would have trouble considering youwordswordswordsve known me for more than a decade lol . easy . jadzia dax . that girl knows how to party .
me : yea , i mean , it would be awesome . youwordswordswordsd have a lot of work , make some money and i will manage you cause i am the brains behind this business . (i mean that is why i got my mba , right ? totally genius material here)
lunch was a mad dash to whole foods (i was running late this morning , remember ? ) where i grabbed a seven grain roll , a medium sized quinoa , tomato and basil soup and their ah-may-zing goat cheese , cranberry and pecan salad . truthfully , i wanted the small salad , but they were out , so i grabbed the large one and ate about a third of it . iwordswordswordsll finish it tomorrow .
at issue was a remark patrick had made over wondering why the media , and the sports media in particular , always refer to female athletes as " sexy, " and especially if they're competing in a sport traditionally dominated by men .
the next day , grace walked to doriswordswordswords house to take her to town . wordswordswordsmom , are you ready to go ? wordswordswords she asked her mother . wordswordswordsiwordswordswordsm waiting on the phone to talk to the doctor now.wordswordswords doris replied . grace wasnwordswordswordst sure why doris would be on the phone , knowing that she has already has an appointment . wordswordswordshow long have you been holding on ? wordswordswords grace asked . doris looked up at grace and said , wordswordswordsiwordswordswordsm not sure . boutwordswordswords an hour i guess.wordswordswords grace took the phone from her mother and put it to her ear . after a moment she said , wordswordswordsmom , there is no one on this phone.wordswordswords doris reach for the phone as she said , wordswordswordsgive me the phone . i forgot to dial the number.wordswordswords grace was beside herself when it came to understanding her motherwordswordswordss memory failures .
the limited it 7500 yen and the regular is 5500 . i think itwordswordswordss worth paying the extra 2000 because you get alot more for your money than just a concert . i saw a japanese tv show where a presenter went to watch it and they had a few spoilers , and it looked awwwwesoooome ! they have these skates that change colours , itwordswordswordss awesome .
beef stroganoff
a place in the gardens in death .
dear archangel gabriel , i am open and receptive to knowing myself as creative . i wish to discover my creative energy and my creative abilities and i ask that you help me with that . i am open to your divine guidance and wisdom . thank you , archangel gabriel , for working with me .
now , if motherhood is so risky and dangerous , why all the pretty pictures of flowers ? because ! (that's the answer i always give my kids) . i have hundreds of irises in my backyard , and to me , they are a symbol of love . when i spent a week taking care of my grandma , my brother was good to go out and divide grandmawordswordswordss irises and give me a bag with all different colors bulbs to take home . grandma died in 2010 , but i still have all her irises in my yard to remind me of her .
happy new year sweet stampers ! i hope you've all had a fabulous christmas holiday and that santa brought you the crafting goodies you were hoping for !
fix our boys ?
there is also the wordswordswordsexperiencewordswordswords version of wish you were here , featuring an early live version of wordswordswordsshine on you crazy diamond,wordswordswords also recorded in 1974 at wembley . though labeled as parts 1 wordswordswords 6 , it is actually nearly finished up to part 8 (the studio album is book-ended with wordswordswordsshine on (parts 1-5)wordswordswords and wordswordswordsshine on (parts 6-9)wordswordswords) . even more interesting are lengthy embryonic live versions of wordswordswordssheepwordswordswords and wordswordswordsdogs,wordswordswords from the 1977 animals album , presented alternately as wordswordswordsraving and droolingwordswordswords and wordswordswordsyou gotta be crazy,wordswordswords recorded at the same show .
as you probably know arise is the stunning sequel to hereafter .
and that isnwordswordswordst fair . mesdan regrets the words as soon as they come out , and bites back the rest of the sentence . he turns away , handing the leaf to her and heaving another sigh .
my son has applied to a us soccer recruiting firm , to maybe get a college scholarship to a us college , and found out he was successful in passing the first step , so you never know ,watch out you girls-he maybe coming to a college near you,lock up your daughters , and of course i will have to visit,so bring it on ! !
not just in her head and heart
1/4 tsp cinnamon
the second job that i've had that didn't felt like work was tending bar in san francisco . i was blessed enough to have been involved with bar drake from its very first day in the sir francis drake hotel , and discovered , with the help of the fabulous diana brent , that i had a taste for mad sciencery , patient conversation , and rhythm of tending bar . and you better believe if somebody doesn't tell their problems to their parents , lover , soul mate or dog , they'll tell their bartender . and being there for stranger when they need to say something to somebody , anybody - it's a blessed feeling .
next is a layout done for the sketch and scrap group i belong to and it was my turn to choose the sketch this month and this gorgeous sketch from page maps is the one i chose .
see , i am very much in favour of fairness and just society . fairness is very much important even to break caste , creed and religion . you are knowing ramaswamywordswordswordss daughter ? she went off and married american christian boy . aiyyo , it was big scandal , and parents completely cut her off . they didnwordswordswordst even say that she is married . but within one year , the couple were blessed with fair-skinned issue . seeing such a white baby (blue eyes also) , their hearts and all melted . now they are even wheeling the baby in a pram on famous besantnagar beach in madras . all are envying them now . this is the real power of fairness .
arnie gundersen , chief engineer with burlington-based fairewinds associates , says he traveled to tokyo recently , took soil samples from parks , playgrounds and rooftop gardens around the city and brought them back to be tested in a u.s . lab .
millennium : the last 1000 years of the earthwordswordswordss 7000-year temporal existence , the millennium can be seen as the sabbath coming after the long week of mortal earth . satan will be bound , and the righteous will come forth in the first resurrection before the start of the millennium . just like a normal sabbath , the millennium will be a busy time of getting kids ready for church and attending meetings , lots of meetings . this will also be the time to correct all the mistakes in the churchwordswordswordss genealogy records .
too . i am not even a tiny bit of the germ phobe that
when i arrived home , i had a new found love of beer . but not just any beer , good beer . i wanted to try as many beers as i could . and you know what , i have tried many great beers . even today , i am drinking a new , great beer from bootlegger's brewery in fullerton california .
wordswordswordsno,wordswordswords said lewis schaffer , wordswordswordsi just pretend that iwordswordswordsve got a small penis for the sake of comedy . wordswordswordsmy penis is very large wordswordswords itwordswordswordss nine inches long . i measured it this morning . i put the ruler in backwards wordswordswords 12 wordswordswords 11 wordswordswords 10 wordswordswords 9 inches . how long into the skin are you allowed to jam the ruler ? wordswordswords so i asked reg : what about this guy john fleming ? he looks like a shambolic mess.wordswordswords
january 19 , 2012
i donwordswordswordst often shop retail ; what i donwordswordswordst find at thrift stores , i will come up with a way to make it myself . but , every once in a while i find something so fabulous that i must have it . today i decided to treat myself to two new cushion covers (pillow covers , tomato wordswordswords tomato , potato wordswordswords potato , you know what i mean) .
i pushed her off and jumped up . my pants got a little tighter .
honestly , i do not ever recalling when my life has been in slow motionwordswordswordswordswordswords i complain that i want balance and need to slow a whole bunch of stuff and folk downwordswordswords but when i attempt this new processwordswordswords.it does not seem to work out that way !
ta da ! all done . hudson is really interested in this one , so i think it was introduced at the right time . i like that it was free (using materials i already had on hand) , non-plastic , and not over-stimuating . and if i should ever disassemble it , i can reuse the ribbon again and , of course , use the hoop for a different project .
james gurney
you found out that this sales candidate is self-motivated (sales manager role no.3.) this makes it easier for the sales manager who can leave him/her alone more than most others on the sales team .
doreen also covers crystal healing , colours and auras , how to cleanse and clear the chakras . one of my favourites is archangel michaelwordswordswordss powerful spiritual vacuum technique .
sources report that , they were told by a us delegate and former ambassador for pakistan " either you accept our offer of a carpet of gold , or we bury you under a carpet of bombs . "
this small conversation quickly led to an interview about who we were , how we met , etc . fred explained that he was in the u.s . doing his military service (a requirement for all frenchmen at the time) , but before he could even finish the more obnoxious of the two facetiously blurted out : wordswordswordsoh , does france have a military ? wordswordswords i havenwordswordswordst met someone this funny since kathy bates made a cameo in my french class . she went on to reveal her stupidity with comments like : wordswordswordswell , if it does , it must be small because iwordswordswordsve never heard of it.wordswordswords fred kindly , without any sarcasm , explained that relative to the u.s . , the french army is small because france has a much smaller population and geographically is smaller than the state of texas . she continued to taunt him . her friend , embarrassed , finally said : wordswordswordsiwordswordswordsm sorry you donwordswordswordst know her ; shewordswordswordss really nice and is just trying to be funny.wordswordswords exactly . we didnwordswordswordst know her and she didnwordswordswordst know us . before she laid down her wordswordswordszingerswordswordswords on fred , she might have wanted to establish that connection , or at least learn how to say it in french . and reading an atlas on the plane flight over wouldnwordswordswordst have hurt either .
the rise in prominence of far right extremist groups such as the edl has increased tensions in east lancashire towns with strong muslim communities .
through the sky
dropping from the sky .
lost coast brewery
i decided to do some framed pieces this time
yepsen has that permanently rumpled look that reporters probably think makes them look like dustin hoffman playing carl bernstein in all the presidentwordswordswordss men .
so who cares of it's been snowing a bit this week ? i love being able to walk through glasgowwordswordswordss kelvingrove park at 5pm without fear - the usual winter darkness replaced by a wonderland of snow . from the hordes of people sledging , and even snowboarding (show-offs) down the hill next to the duck pond to dogs having a right good frolic .
3 afraid
speaking of high prices , my eyes finally adjust to the light enough that i can see the menu . most items are followed by a single two-digit number , no decimals wordswordswords always a bad sign . you obviously have to get the crepes at a place called crepe cellar , so we agree to order several different items and split them . beth has the spinach and wild mushroom caramelized shallots and goat cheese crepe while i ask for the pesto brie hand cut pommes frites , also known as french fries . these are priced at wordswordswords6.5,wordswordswords so i mentally scramble through my wallet looking for leftover euros . hopefully , they take the exotic-sounding wordswordswordsvisa.wordswordswords
this is the entry way to kalia's room . both items on the hallway walls were gifts from kalia's baby showers .

alien undead chapter 5
now , if it only was possible to go back in time and change some things , iwordswordswordsd be really happy . instead iwordswordswordsll have to make do with the way things really are and the way they will be tomorrow .
(mom's birthday is tomorrow)
i didn't come to this performance expecting much , but after yesterday's rinaldo disappointment , i was once again bowled by the quality of this evening at glyndebourne : the attention to detail in the production , the singing , the comedy - glyndebourne have made something really special here .
and here are the pair of shoes that i bought for her baby :
as the pack states , it comes with 8 (full color) cards , an " authentic " tron sticker (whew ! no fakes!) , and " tips for winning tron video game" , in whatever way they're going to provide that to us .
so christina , here is a piece of advice for youwordswordswords if you want to look and behave like a true parisian , donwordswordswordst stare at madame eiffel . but do go visit her late at night and wait for the 20 000 lights to come off , around 2 am , it's quite magical to say " bonne nuit " to the eiffel tower . also , go get yourself an ice cream cone at berthillon , my favorite ice cream shop in the city or a nutella crepe made right in front of you rue de caumartin . and block a day to visit the marais , my favorite quarter in paris . tiny paved streets with independent clothing designer shops or interior design concept stores . and of course , have a croissant every morning . calories donwordswordswordst count while youwordswordswordsre in paris ! bon voyage !
then akitsu meets and befriends an older man who yaichi doesnwordswordswordst trust . little does he know , however , that this man named yagi will make yaichi come face-to-face with his own past and the mysteries involving him and the boy named seinoshin . oh yeah , better believe things get very interesting as the plot thickens and the truth is finally revealed .
letwordswordswordss take the specific case of the official spokesman for the cdlr . his name was mohammed al-masari . despite being a strong believer in sharia law in all its forms , as well as an islamist of sorts , the bbc and other western news outlets wordswordswordssimply adoredwordswordswords him . so too did amnesty international (which simply adored moazzam begg much later) ; but only after he was thrown in jail . in 1994 he was released . after which he went to londonistan to carry out his anti-saudi , but pro-islamist and pro-complete sharia-isation , activities .
now , people will purposely cut into your lane without so much as a blinker and expect you to yield . this morning i almost lost it . i had several cars try to get in my lane while i was in it . the lane that i had already waited 10 minutes in to get to where i was . they zipped past all of the other cars behind me and decided i was the sucker that was going to let them in . guess what ? they were so very wrong . i did not let them in . i held my ground and almost got a white stripe down the side of my very red car .
during the auction , a total of 31 paintings and sculptures were sold , including a 1907 henri matisse painting titled wordswordswordspeonieswordswordswords - a white-and-blue checkered vase holding flowers - that was auctioned for $19.2 million , far above its original estimate of between $8 million and $12 million .
short post tonight as i need to be ready to hit the floor in high gear in the morning .
here's what the inside looks like . . .
i need to see and hear the stories about just how bad things can really be ! or better yet think back to where i was just a few months ago , to bring me back out of it and more importantlywordswordswords well iwordswordswordsm sure you guessed it , i need to know when to shut up and quit complaining! ! !
wordswordswordssome say it is disrespectful to use the word but i would like to tell the indian muslims that this is their own words and we have been using it all along instead of referring to someone as deiwordswordswords .
quetta police said the body of the muslim convert was found wrapped in plastic in an orchard with a note saying he had been killed by the taliban . a sharp knife was used to sever dalewordswordswordss head from the body , although it was not immediately clear if that was the cause of his death .
first question for any readers out there : how the hell do you learn quebecois french when you arenwordswordswordst in high school ? !
the united boss at yesterdaywordswordswordss press conference , urged his team to , wordswordswordswake upwordswordswords ahead of their first meeting between the two sides since 1957 . when they recorded 6-5 win on aggregate in the european champion clubwordswordswordss cup .
absolutely glorious colors of wool felt . ..a rainbow ! all 100% wool felt ! wasn't this a great present ? diane told me she has had it around for a while and wanted to give it to someone who would use it to make something beautiful ! i was so surprised , and so thankful for such a nice gift . :)
this book is ideal for toddlers and preschoolers . it begins with an informative introduction and ends with simplified definitions to the seven principles of kwanzaa (including a guide for pronunciation) . here , in this spectacularly illustrated book , a young boy celebrates his first kwanzaa and discovers something valuable about his heritage.8 . fasting and dates : a ramadan and eid-ul-fitr story
he gets clocked , then they swarm on him like a pack of wolves .
" it's a miracle! " hubby said to the mechanic without receiving a reply .
other than that i have no criticisms . iwordswordswordsm not a horror fan and there are major gaps in my viewing . iwordswordswordsve not seen wolfen , the howling , bad moon , the company of wolves , i was a teenage werewolf , wolf , blood and chocolate , an american werewolf in paris , silver bulletwordswordswords iwordswordswordsve not even seen teen wolf for christwordswordswordss sake . there is an entry on imdb for the last werewolf but iwordswordswordsm not sure iwordswordswordsd go and see it if it gets made . i think what works about the book would be hard to transfer to the screen . iwordswordswordsm talking about the introspection (even when jake transforms wewordswordswordsre still in his head) . as a thriller that just happens to revolve around a werewolf , it will make a perfectly decent film if handled with a little finesse . but i canwordswordswordst see them improving on the book .
no one maintains a perfect record for long in this game , and itwordswordswordss no secret that fighting a wrestler with division i credentials is always a tough match up . also , comfort can be found for the 23 year old ufc newcomer in the fact that a blueprint has been laid for areas of improvement before his next bout (which will also most likely be in the ufc) . additionally , joe rogan was complimentary of djwordswordswordss footwork , timing and punching repertoire .
take them outside and spray paint them white . i used valspar white in satin if you have read this blog for anytime i love spray paint , my favorite brand is valspar from lowes but i am not loving the new nozzle . anyways spray them all down and let them dry for a few hours (or like1 if you are me and the paint smears just a little)
you will need :
i'm a library technician and adult teacher/trainer but i currently work for a communications company where i provide computer services and write for their website . i have a diluted calico kitty , i collect vinyl lp's and have a way too many books . i am a computer nut and my blog is my baby . want to know more ? read 15 totally random tidbits here . i currently receive an approximate average of 23 000 (as of 02/2012) visitors a month with a steady increase .
if i still had a 14 or 15 year old son . i would so much rather he read a book which explores real violence and sex and it's consequences , emotionally and physically , than this .
adder's fork , and blind-worm's sting ,
i woke up and everything that was weighing so heavily on my shoulders came crashing down .
hot steamy fusion
holden commodore wordswordswords dunny-door , common whore , commode
the government , he said , was also concerned about the rising cost of living due to the hike in global oil prices which had affected those in the lower income bracket .
am i asking too much ? so often i am told i need to stop with such lofty ideas and just knuckle down . get a real job . sacrifice a few years . ..make some money . get some security . climb the career ladder . really ? is that the only way ? even in the 21st century ?
10 . how often do you try new recipes ? as often as i can . iwordswordswordsm always on the lookout for new recipes . i try to make something new at least once a week .
to bring this to conclusion , i feel your article shows that you and many camra members are still in a mindset that was relevant in the early 1970s - to illustrate , in the very first paragraph , you make reference to spitfire aircraft in the last world war . this outlook reflects a generational attitude which camra could do well to distance itself from should they wish to continue in any meaningful fashion for another 40 years . "
i now surrender myself entirely as a slave of righteousness for godwordswordswordss holy purpose ! amen ! for my gain is a life fully dedicated to god , and the result is eternal life . for sin pays its wage-death ; but godwordswordswordss free gift is eternal life in union with christ jesus our lord ! amen !
as r2d2
the metal " cousin " tag and the silver metal
why not to watch : the bulk of its legacy isnwordswordswordst that good .
one of our core values was joy , more fully stated as , wordswordswordswe celebrate the journey to new life.wordswordswords i want for my clients to feel as if iwordswordswordsve been waiting for them . i want to experience joy , i want them to experience joy , and i want us to create it together . a tangible of this is i love to laugh and make others laugh .
sugar cookie cupcakes
today ends the longest swath of time i have worked consecutivelywordswordswords.a whopping twelve days in a row ! this officially takes my workaholic status to new heights .
11 . tiger bones 4:24
i encourage comments , good or bad !
but . ..i can also discuss bush's heinous disregard for the kyoto treaty and the potential impact for generations to come .
many publications dealing with this issue will tell you that it is all part of a natural process . they are lying ! see this article for more info .
cricut design studio - cartridge content : v120216
pic : bbc
he said : wordswordswordsit was natural for the accused bibi jagir kaur to have been greatly upsetwordswordswords because the exposure of harpreetwordswordswordss pregnancy would have ruined her political careerwordswordswords . the accused having attained such an important political and religious stature could not afford to lose her status wordswordswords . the judge further added : wordswordswordsbibi jagir kaur , who was against the marriage of harpreet kaur with kamaljit singh , who was a commoner , having no social and political reckoning , had the motive to terminate the harpreetwordswordswordss pregnancy in order to safeguard her political career and also her high social and religious status as the sgpc presidentwordswordswords .
about 10 years ago , if gamers spent fifty to sixty dollars on a game , they were about analytic at amid 5-10 hours of abandoned amateur gameplay . a triple-a appellation like the fable of zelda or metal gear solid adeptness action an added 5-10 hours . the notable exceptions to the rule , rpgs , adeptness cap out at about 40-50 hours . aback afresh there were aswell beneath studios absolution beneath amateur on beneath aloft systems , so there was potentially added time for gaming . you rarely heard the complaint that amateur were not continued abundant for their price .
in this picture , three from rogers , coleridge and white . patricia white , on right , has been my agent for over 25 years and we are good mates .
so i made this
in this movie rocky pops the question to his beloved adrian on a winter day at the philadelphia zoo , and miraculously without the word wordswordswordsyowordswordswords . and of course her answer is equally simple .
i am really hard on myself . and that's okay .
as a kid i used to love reading these at junior school . exotic , full colour photographs that took your breath away . as well as the superb photography there was also the opportunity to view bare breasted women from around the empire . a fabulous combination of education and voyeurism . i was only 11 .
perhaps the only thing more prevalent than colds is the volume of misinformation about them . science writer jennifer ackerman , however , was determined to get to the bottom of what she calls the " petty plague . " she's certainly dedicated : for her latest bookwordswordswordsah-choo ! the uncommon life of your common coldwordswordswordsshe volunteered to be infected with a cold virus . having endured her maladies , ackerman talks to time about whether we'll ever have a cure , why you probably don't want to " boost " your immune system , and the medicinal merits of good old chicken soup .
since cauliflower is white and kind of tasteless (in my opinion) , itwordswordswordss perfect to blend in with different kind of recipes .
because it's just too easy to get into that bad habit again . ask me how i know . i ate well in hawaii , a few weeks ago . . . too well . i ate some bread . . . gasp! ! i know . ..but it was just sitting there on my plate , enveloping a lovely pineapple topped burger and avacado . could i have taken it off ? sure . did i ? nope .
the overall mood was one of buoyant optimismwordswordswordswordswordswordsare we entering a golden age of gas ? wordswordswordswordswordswordsfor three main reasons :
we're so lucky to live within walking distance to a marionette theatre . it's such a simple , classic , and charming form of entertainment that i hope never dies away . it's also one of the cheapest things to do in the city , so this is the third time we've gone ! tickets are only $8/adult and $5/children under 12 . the theatre is located within the charming swedish cottage in one of my favorite parts of central park . after seeing a show , i love walking through the shakespeare gardens and then up to belvedere castle .
rcss (superstore) is having its no tax event this weekend (june 19-20) and i decided to check it out since i had a few free product coupons (fpcs) burning a hole in my purse .
given that i am on a limited budget , i decided that walking to the beach every weekend was a good way to establish routine . so that gets me two days . . .
i spent around $11 on my supplies and here is what i came up with .
and peace on earth to those of good will . let the heavens rejoice and the earth exult ,
140g tropical dried fruit mixture
wordswordswordsand donwordswordswordst worry about losing . if it is right , it happenswordswordswordsthe main thing is not to hurry . nothing good gets away.wordswordswords
wordswordswordshere is a picture we have for you of big sproutwordswordswordss visit last week,wordswordswords i said handing it to him .
we went a lot of places , and mom and the other lady did some goofy things like kneeling down in the mud and pointing those things on straps at plants . plants ! who cares about them ? i walked on some to point out how stupid that was , but i got yelled at .
while your hearts are yearning .
how i wonder who you are ,
it's also another of my husband's earlier pieces that i dug out and framed - easy pickins as the 5x7 standard size is a quick one to do up . you may be noticing a trend in black frames - i am , too . i hope i don't find it necessary to scale that back , and i hope i still love how it looks years from now because we have a lot of black frames in our house . eh , black is always in style .
by palash r . ghosh : subscribe to palashwordswordswordss rss feed the foreign minister of singapore has warned the us against the rising tide of anti-chinese rhetoric coming out of washington dc , ahead of a visit to the us by chinese vice president xi jinpingwordswordswordss next wordswordswords
here is a beautiful tribute by a son to his mother : wordswordswordsi donwordswordswordst remember much about her views of voting nor her social prestige ; and what her ideas on child training , diet , and eugenics were , i cannot recall . the main thing that sifts back to me now through the thick undergrowth of years is that she loved me . she liked to lie on the grass with me and tell stories , or to run and hide with us children . she was always hugging me . . . . and i liked it . she had a sunny face . to me it was like god , and all the beatitudes saints tell of him . and sing ! of all the sensations pleasurable to my life nothing can compare with the rapture of crawling up into her lap and going to sleep while she swung to and fro in her rocking chair and sang . thinking of this , i wonder if the woman of today , with all her tremendous notions and plans , realizes what an almighty factor she is in shaping of her child for weal or woe ? i wonder if she realizes how much sheer love and attention count for in a childwordswordswordss life.wordswordswords

perry (the periwinkle gummi bear) had a strange smile affixed on his little gummi face , iwordswordswordsm just sure of itwordswordswords and i knew at that moment that i couldnwordswordswordst hold out any longer . i just had to have onewordswordswords after all , they were only 10 calories each . one wouldnwordswordswordst hurt or kill me , right ? i couldnwordswordswordst have been more wrong !
she is just as culpable in the whole situation . she supported nadya and the children . she had every right to dictate matters because they were living in her home and she was financially responsible for them .
tour date : april 25
in the passage , delbanco imagines that two college roommates attend a local production of king lear :
by 1924 , enrollment grew to 152 students ; today , it is nearly 1,200 . in the late 1950wordswordswordss , the name was changed to st . paul bible college . accreditation was granted to the college in 1975 by the higher learning commission of the north central association of colleges and schools . of the more than 4,000 degree-granting institutions of higher education in the united states , crown is one of 116 intentionally christ-centered institutions to have qualified for membership in the council for christian colleges & universities (cccu) and is one of four colleges affiliated with the christian and missionary alliance church in the united states .
students , can consider taking up courses such as hospitality , tourism management , culinary or hotel management . when we choose a course to study , it is important to look for the job opportunities available , because you donwordswordswordst want to spend rm70,000 and 4 years for a degree to come out and find yourself jobless .
one might imagine that a person would derive a considerable ego boost from claiming to channel these high-level beings , but then , some people want very much to keep their connection with the famous wordswordswordsdeadwordswordswords on the down low . i described such a person in my post wordswordswordsa reluctant channelerwordswordswords :
22 through
i don't know if this is an appropriate card for a 50-year-b-day . all the cards i've seen on the blogland , concerning that occasion are always clean , simple and really stylish . ..but - as we all know - i'm not good at this kind of cards .
almighty and most merciful father . . .
we praise you lord .
and there you have it !
prep for scrap-store classes ? nuh-uh .
d . the foolwordswordswordss end :
so especially with no thunderstorms around , these were fun flights !
i swallowed my pride and took on assignments i wouldn't have taken since my earliest freelancing days-- articles for local publications , cheapie articles for websites-- because this is all i have and my daughter and i need a place to live . but i felt miserable about it . then i pulled out all the stops and began trying things i'd never done before : i took out some google ads , put out an ad on publishers marketplace , joined asja , started handing out my business card to people who spoke at seminars , asked for meetings with a couple of great agents .
even privacy has to be sacrificed to make the multicultural experiment work . the logical outcome of this recommendation is the routine electronic surveillance and bugging of private households and private gatherings , and a huge increase in taxes to pay for the hordes of spies and bureaucrats who will monitor us . nor , i suspect , will it stop at bugging . the next step will be that onewordswordswordss children will be encouraged to report back any remarks to their teachers (part of their wordswordswordsrace awareness trainingwordswordswords) . do we really want our children to behave like children did in both soviet russia and national socialist germany where they were encouraged by the state-run pioneers and the hitler youth to report on wordswordswordsenemies of the peoplewordswordswords ?
you know we loved this album . doesn't matter if we got the cd or the digital download . if it's coming out on vinyl , we're buying .
bags and boxes from hobby lobby
speaking of which , when is winter going to arrive in nw arkansas ? it's been in the 50-60's during the day for a while now . this is january , isn't it supposed to be cold ? the fact that our past summer was extremely hot and now this has made me wonder if this location is where i belong . ..i don't mean to complain , it really has been beautiful and mild . but something about it just doesn't feel right . maybe it's just the memories of the northern indiana winters stuck somewhere in the back of my head .
and no one will get away with it either . there is a punishment for sins . " for the wages of sin is death " romans 6:23 . death meaning hell meaning eternal seperation from god . once in hell there are no more second chances . its eternal punishment and its real . http://www.google.com/imgres ? hl=en&gbv=2&biw=1022&bih=571&tbm=isch&tbnid=t-zkictyuzfshm:&imgrefurl=http://reconcenter.com/index.php/reconcenter/ygn/&docid=bxma0wm-f77ikm&imgurl=http://reconcenter.com/wp-content/uploads/hell2.jpg&w=819&h=614&ei=jgb-t-dohshyialmh53ndq&zoom=1&iact=hc&vpx=623&vpy=242&dur=12750&hovh=194&hovw=259&tx=125&ty=217&sig=116399563033025264842&page=1&tbnh=108&tbnw=144&start=0&ndsp=18&ved=1t:429,r:16,s:0,i:102
have with coffee . .
letwordswordswordss faithfully , authentically and joyfully preach and live out the good news of jesus christ , the risen lord in our local church and community . letwordswordswordss keep in step with the spirit and as we so letwordswordswordss love god wholeheartedly and love our neighbours as ourselves . letwordswordswordss do what in our ability and responsibility to do and letwordswordswordss not deceive ourselves that we hold the key to turning the tide of western culture around .
let me be honest . . . brigham is a fussy baby . don't worry , we still love him with all of our hearts . but man , it's difficult to handle on 4 or 5 hours of sleep !
he asks me to come with him , but i canwordswordswordst because iwordswordswordsm broke . and very sad . i go back to chicago to look for a job , and dave promises to come see me there in nine monthswordswordswords time . i donwordswordswordst believe him .
i'm quite pleased with them , considering i haven't been doing any nail deco for loooong time ! need to order new stuff , i couldn't even remember how much fun doing nails is~ btw , no tips here , completely my own nails .
how he celebrates his redemption : yells " merry christmas " at random strangers , throws coins at people , wisely chooses not to sing
the call is more of an appeal than anything . lets face it : ghanaians can sometimes be an indiscplined bunch--as exemplified by this picture here , where a " heavy duty " truck is parked on the first lane of a motorway . ..without hazard lights .
second wordswordswords the label is actually a lot longer-lasting than modern evangelicalism . at a time when protestants were trying to first find a means of defining themselves in distinction from the roman church , they often used the term evangelical as a self-designation . (protestant actually comes from those princes in germany who protested against the emperorwordswordswordss efforts of cracking down on the then-labeled evangelicals) .
to dull masturbation i must regress .
sephora long-lasting liner in 01 black
then i heard the voice of the lord saying , wordswordswordswhom shall i send ? and who will go for us ? wordswordswords
elegant in its simplicity and framed within heavy solder of rusted iron hues , a cross of crystal chandelier remnants crowns a vintage , unearthed vessel . donned in a slightly iridescent , ethereal patina naturally formed over the decades underground , the earthy bottle both compliments and contrasts the opulent beauty of the fiery austrian crystal .
" it's not because i am single and it's not because it's new seasons eve . i came here today because when you recognize , you want to invest the relax of your lifestyle with somebody , you want the relax of your lifestyle to begin as soon as possible . " - john (in ' harry met sally'- the movie)
amusingly , linkywordswordswordss picture is pasted above the famous sonnet beginning rather appropriately wordswordswordsa la nue accablante tu,wordswordswords and as difficult to interpret as what might have been going through my modelwordswordswordss highly independent mind .
the nice thing about this movie is that while the plot is fairly simple ; it explores very realistic emotions that we all feel within ourselves about our place in the world , as well as our place in our relationships . there were moments in the movie when i was frustrated that the wilson's character did not realize certain things that were happening , because i could imagine myself in the very same situation , and have realized what was happening , and therefore been very upset . but it also delves into the surrealistic world of anachronism and nostalgia , and let's not only the main character , but other characters in the film as well , explore their world beyond the scope of their place and time . this makes the movie fun and quirky , but in the end also let's us in on the point of the entire film .
they knew that the plan to kill 90 percent of humanity was wrong .
but i'm digressing . . we went outside . to escape the suffocation .
ganga moola / tunga moola :
paint branch 5 , richard montgomery 2
i also insert a little pencil (took from the last trip to semeraro lol) .
has anyone out there been to kurobe or tried this beer ?
well , last week , i decided i might be able to get her , now guilt inspiring questions to slow down if i went ahead and painted the wall .
bcoz in giving we are preparing to
despite my difficulty in rolling anything higher than a 1 , i quite like the chaos pact team . it's not the greatest for sure , but it has a lot of potential , with three big guys and all the skill access . it would be fun if we had longer leagues or brought teams back for multiple seasons to see what the team would be like with some more development .
wordswordswordswe decided to offer a breakfast this year to offer to families to get them on their way to all the other events later in the day . itwordswordswordss a need we saw that wasnwordswordswordst being filled.wordswordswords
anaru : when i learned how to do that , itwordswordswordsd passed a monthwordswordswords
built in the mid 60's to a standard design favoured by the latter years of birkenhead brewery/threlfalls who were already firmly under the whitbread umbrella it was viewed as a prestige addition to the tied estate . local industry was still thriving at the time with many thirsty workers emerging each evening from cammell laird and other large employers in the area .
75) your name must be mickey because your so fine .
and so i went forth boldly , with no more than some printed directions from google , and my silly rain-hat . spare socks might have been a good idea . next time i shall remember . with the getting lost (every time i took out the directions , they got rained on and splodged a bit) , it took one-and-a-half hours to walk to work but , my goodness , i enjoyed it . before my socks had a chance to dry on the radiator , i was out again with the boy for our usual walk . the forest smelled like jasmine today , but i could not work out why .
63 . edison chen , jackie chan , hotdog mc , and shawn carter is his idol .
isnwordswordswordst he the cutest ? !
there are only 12 views and no comments on youtube as of 6:30 this morning chicago time , for the piece is being introduced here . go have a listen , leave a comment if you feel so moved , and spare a thought for hitchens and his family . thank you , andrew .
beach , light house
hold the book in your left hand (if you are right handed) and use the other hand as your guide .
real red 1cm taffeta ribbon
riegelhaupt's statement continued :
with only this and black devil doll from hell to his (dis)credit , chester novell turner has created something of a legend that it took uwe boll , edward d . wood jr . and ted v . mikels their whole careers and more than two films to attain : an aura of badness that makes their names synonymous with trash cinema .
i ended up playing with it for about a day before i sent it . lol ! i kept getting girls and twin girls . . . i think i only got boys two times out of about 1,000 spins ! so we'll have to see how accurate it is . haha !
i donwordswordswordst avoid questions . in fact i answer them truthfully . some people might even say that i talk too much . stating everything , declaring anything . hell , and i even say things over and over again . i know people are annoyed , but these are the same people who wanted to know what i feel . now , would you blame me ?
have you ever made a bucket list ? my bucket list is constantly expanding the more i tick as completed .
my heart now resides
before looking at the issues such a case might raise , i think it is helpful to look across the atlantic , to the recent perjury trials of two of the most famous baseball players of all time , barry bonds and roger clemens . both of them have been tried on charges of perjury and associated offences with differing results .
neil larsen wordswordswords professor , department of comparative literature
to celebrate the release of skater boy - the first book in the " first kiss club " i've been asking some fellow authors to tell me a first kiss story of their own ! this one comes from pj sharon , author of the ebook " heaven is for heroes " and " on thin ice . "
just now i got back home from the grocery store and when i unloaded the groceries , i stood back and looked in amazement about the choices i made . i didn't even go there thinking " i need to get just healthy stuff" , which makes it even more surprising .
15 . you are better off taking clothing items to the resale shop or st paulwordswordswordss clothing drop off . most organizations just donwordswordswordst have room to store clothing .
after three years of a terrible economy , i think even the most hardcore republican would have to admit that president obama knows something about the blues .
if you see girl scouts selling , please support them and buy a few (or a case) cookies . once you have consumed massive quantities to satisfy your fix , hide the rest in the freezer to enjoy during the rest of the year .
coriander powder 1 tablespoon
once they announced that 1st class passengers could board , we went on ! we found our seats and got comfy and started to drink ! we weren't necessarily trying to get drunk , just taking the edge off ! we both started with a bloody mary (which was mostly vodka) . once we were in the air we both got a mojito , which was even stronger than the 1st drink . mr . 2sb had one more drink after lunch (i had a greek chicken salad and he had a rueben sandwhich) . he took a nap and i started watching bride wars .
much of the talk at the moment surrounds the malaysian grand prix at the weekend ; especially as lewis hamilton showed mclaren is again the team to beat by setting the fastest time in both practice sessions friday . we wish you the best of luck lewis and jenson , but we instead turn our attention to other f1 newswordswordswords
wordswordswordsan evangelistic meeting . pattern your program after that of a modern revival meeting . a live leader of song should have charge of the music . the songs should be songs of soul-winning . have a number of church-members to give brief testimonies and urge the young people to make decisions for christ . the minister should be invited to make a closing exhortation and hear the confessions of faith , if such is the usual order . personal work prior to the meeting itself will make it more effective in every waywordswordswords (james deforest murch , successful c.e . prayer-meetings (cincinnati , oh : the standard publishing company , pp . 66-67) .
what was i thinking ?
realism and realpolitik wordswordswords setting the conditions for americawordswordswordss survival in the 21st century , by franz j . gayl (major , usmc , retired) , thesis for the national defense university , june 2006 wordswordswords posted with permission of the author .
the royal mews , an historical fiction , is complete at 80,000 words . it tells the story of a uk stallion , of endangered breed , purchased by an american who planned to ship him to the us . elizabeth ii wanted the horse , and a royal cock-up resulted .
so , today i felt the need to go do some stamping ! i'm finding myself getting more away from stamping and i'm thinking it's because my eyes are starting to give me some trouble . shawn keeps telling me to go get my eyes checked . both parents & brothers wear them so it is probably time to get them checked so i can stop squinting .
i need to face the memories head on . talk my way through them until they lose their hold on me . until they release me from their grip . i will never be completely free until i can speak the words out loud . until i can talk about my shame , my hurt , the details of it , and not feel like iwordswordswordsm drowning . so while parts of me feels stronger for my faith , other parts remain untouched .
7 earl
john 17:11-19
beer . if you can't taste it , why bother !
4 sprigs thyme or 1t dried thyme
evilgrade takes the advantage of various applications because most of these verify neither the update contents nor the master update server . basically , in this type of attack , the attacker seeks to modify the dns traffic of the victim and return them to some other ip address controlled by the attacker .
why is it that every time i have exams , i manage to find time to write a blog post ? ! so much has been going on and so much is coming up ! i have my amazing brother coming back from medical school on saturday , my last final exam is on tuesday , my graduation is on may 3rd , my party is on may 7th , and finally i'm leaving to turkey the second week in may ! being away from my family and friends for 4 months is going to be sad . . . .but i'm looking forward to the amazing experience i will be having learning my fathers language and half my culture :) not only that , but i have giveaways going on . ..and videos to do for you all ! how do i manage it all ? i have no idea haha but allah swt and all your love , positive energy and support sure do help !
the disciples of jesus can be expected to face persecution because of their association with jesus . in fact , it is the claim that jesus , and only jesus , is the lord which opens the disciples up to persecution .
you can eat this kimchee right away with some rice and soup .
the writing of this one was strong in voice , with some great and hilarious descriptions that are definitely stand out . with a straightforward nature to it , and dragging only a few times , the writing has a great quality to it . though the pacing of the overall plot fell through at times , gibsen still provides a great climax and a good ending for the story . the history was woven into the present in a very good way , with some beautifully done triggering moments and switches . despite the flaws this one had for me , it was still an enjoyable read .
the foundation hasn't courted publicity . for example , " aides to ratner " declined to comment to the daily news about donations to the mayor's fund to advance new york city . a 1/16/05 daily news article headlined apple polishers fatten mike fund reported :
thank you for your amazing taste to have me for a speaker tonight . i am aware that you all know that i have received many awards for my research on evolution . yes it is true i am proud that a smelly disgusting sex-crazed ape was my great-great-many times great- grand-daddy . in fact on my last visit to the congo i took pictures of me and the apes . i felt like i had come home .
tired of hunting down cyber-terrorists and hackers , the conflicted cop moves down to rio de janeiro to start a new life as a black-market dealer of cybertronic doodads . the net may be vast and infinite , but this doesn't prevent his old employers from tracking him down . forcing him to partake in a dangerous mission to locate a rogue agent named jared (marjorie monaghan) in shang loo , java , his bosses farnsworth (tim thomerson) and maritz (brion james) install a small bomb in his heart to ensure his cooperation . upon arriving in shang loo , alex quickly becomes an unwilling pawn in an epic battle brewing between humans and cyborgs . and since he's somewhere in the middle , alex must choose which side he's on .
i leave you today with a little photo of maggie from hunting eggs this morning . . .
in food processor crumble one head of cauliflower .
alai said that legends are important in tibetan villages . the epic of king gesar is still sung by bards today , and he was commissioned by canongate to rewrite it as part of canongate's myth series (there is more about this on bruce humes's website here) . it is the longest myth known in the world today . the myth is being rebuilt with the british council and has proved to be a difficult project due to the extent of the piece , and the influence of buddhism on the original . at the moment the canongate myth is only available in chinese - an english version is expect in 2013 .
tonight , i'll transfer the poor richard's ale to the secondary . (i should have done this 5 days ago , but what the heck , i've been busy) .
22 . crowd - drum solo - portrait (he knew)
while the whap-whap of hand-pulled wheat noodles dominates this soup shack , the place also fashions fat little purses of pork and scallions that dribble meaty juices with each bite ($3 for 12) . 5410 eighth ave at 54th st , sunset park , brooklyn (718-633-5633) .
i don't know why , but i was really drawn to it . then when i got it home , i had no idea what i wanted to do with it , so , it sat outside , neglected , for a couple weeks . and then finally , i had an idea .
though winter does not officially start for another couple weeks , it sure feels like it has already arrived here . and it looks like it too , as we have already had a couple of snowy days .
for those of you still in school , you know what great fear looms before us in the next few days .
a boy walked into a cd store and saw a girl behind the counter .
so . . . . i do not have a card for you today . . . . . . . but a scrap book page .
this is a very watered down example of what she refers to in great length as " control patterns " .
6 . drop any activities that donwordswordswordst bring you joy* . are you really interested in everything you sign up for ? are your kids ? often i realize later that what sounded like a good idea at the time now just sounds like yet another commitment (especially on a day when iwordswordswordsd really like figure out where my living room rug is underneath all the cat hair) . try taking an inventory of your next month and see how many of those wordswordswordsextrawordswordswords things youwordswordswordsre excited about . if youwordswordswordsre finding yourself lacking time to relax and recharge , consider dropping one or two . no one gets an award at the end of the week for having the most commitments .
for now , it will hang at the van gogh museum . later this year it and dozens of other paintings will be shifted across the amstel river to the hermitage amsterdam while the van gogh museum closes for several months for renovations .
she frowned , gave him the head-to-toe once-over .
next time , iwordswordswordsll cut myself with something sharp instead .
so i'm throwing my hat in the ring and announcing my candidacy for president of the united states . the 2012 elections are coming up and i'll need to start campaigning soon .
barack : um , what ? (leaning back in disappointment) damn , is this that stupid scrooge crap all you white people love so much ?
the empirewordswordswordss populations cheered this strategy out of fear of being attacked by these rogue nations who never attacked or even threatened to attack them . in the fog of fear , killing and stealing became acceptable . in fact , detention without charges and even torture became acceptable in the former capital of freedom . america has determined that the means justifies the end wordswordswords which is more power .
i couldnwordswordswordst think of a better candidate for the editor-in-chief of the niner times . she loves that place more than anyone will understand . i have so much faith in her itwordswordswordss unbelievable . i just hope she knows how good she is too . on top of her kick-ass abilities as an editor , shewordswordswordss an amazing friend . wewordswordswordsve stuck together this whole year , and i know this wonwordswordswordst be the end of all of our crazy times together .
(for reading 1001 times)
ron takes me over to a large tablet looking item and proceeds to show me all of its features .
welcome to 7-mile bridgewordswordswordss camp island , a castaways getaway back to basics no frills haven for the wordswordswordsi need to get away from the rat race or iwordswordswordsll explodewordswordswords person in you . iwordswordswordsve included a close-up showing a boat , tent to the right of the boat in the bushes and a blue tarp used for shelter from the keys hot sun . this is not a park but an island that thrill seekers & hermits alike have chosen as a wordswordswordsstay at your own riskwordswordswords refuge away from todays cell phone towers & laptop hotspots .
but as we slowly , slowly made our way up through heavy rain and ridiculous traffic to the stoudt's fest , arriving an hour before it ended (mj made a quick tour of the floor , and then locked himself in carol's office with a bottle of triple) , i realized that he was right . the rug didn't fit on the wide expanse of blonde wood floor . except it was a touch of softness in an open space , something interesting . whether he ever wrote about it or not (and i never saw anything about it) , it was a memory key , a small something that would bring back the whole feel of the place . i learned that trick , and use it myself .
decided on the issue of disclosure of certified copy of question booklet of aiims-mbbs entrance examination , 2011 and the corresponding answer key . the public information commissioner of aiims had initially refused the disclosure inter alia on the ground that the questions and answers were the intellectual property of aiims and exempted from
who always satisfies you in everything ,
like the crowd said
kane : . . . . .
4) game play is like wordswordswordswar.wordswordswords on each turn , each player flips over one card , and the cube is rolled . the players work together to determine whether the resulting compound statement is true or false . the winner keeps both cards .
a hint of paint (someone somewhere must be decorating)
instead of going shopping during the weekend , letwordswordswordss do something that is not draining on your wallet . letwordswordswordss take a walkwordswordswords.to the park . a sculpture park specifically .
hope you enjoy . drop me a line and let's stay in touch .
i am thankful for my extended family and that of my husband , which is free of any serious drama and always ready to support each other .
i missed a huge milestone last post ! :( it was my 100th post ! and , i didn't even realize it until today when i signed into my blog and saw that i had 100 posts . this post is 101 . so , happy 100th post (a day late) to me! ! !
lily talks the doc out of watching the boring opera , and they head on over to one of her old hangouts , and the joint is jumpin' ! two thirds of his time on screen , the doctor is smoking !
at 8:30 , my phone beeped and i pounced : a text message that f3 was in the trap . we were headed to montana .
the full-length original version of peter russellwordswordswordss popular video in which he proposes that we stand on the threshold of a major leap in evolution , as significant as the emergence of life itself , and the essence of this leap is inner spiritual development . moreover , he maintains that it is only through such a shift in consciousness that we will be able to manage successfully the global crises now facing us . (made in the 1990s while the world trade center still stood.)
melitta strandberg is really a walking miracle . she was taken away from her mother at birth in 1944 at the hospital in weimer germany . she was taken for the purpose of experiments ordered by hitler to be conducted on newborns . this was part of his quest to obtain what he thought was the perfect race . the babies chosen for these experiments were from mothers of romania , hungary , yugoslavia and poland . melitta's mother was hungarian , therefore not of the pure race . therefore , her daughter was perfect for experimentation . this is just another example of the lengths that hitler stooped to because of his obssession . there is no way of knowing just what melitta was subjected to during the 6 months she was in the company of the nazis .
these might be my favorite holiday cookie . well , these and two or three others . cream parisian wafers are part of my family's traditional holiday cookie spread . my grandmother , who by the way is a fantastic cook , has been making these every year for as long as i can remember . normally about half the batch make it onto a plate for the christmas eve guests ; the other half my parents and i sneakily stash away in the fridge for a little closet christmas eating . sometimes my siblings get to them first . anyway , needless to say , i have only ever met one person who didn't like these wafers . they are little different from the peppermint and fudge that rule the holiday season and they look like you spent hours to make them . (you might spend a couple) . the cookie is flakey and buttery like a very light , airy shortbread and the icing is your classic buttercream , but richer . i would suggest a double batch : one for the guests and one for the family . keep em ' cold and enjoy with eggnog .
ga-05 john lewis pa-06 jim gerlach
we all know how this ends , though . with every movement comes a reform or an opposition and the idea of all people having tons in common seems to be soaring high through the air from the deck from which it was thrown .
(also fb is a tremendous waste of time and i donwordswordswordst like to piddle around that much . capricorn , you know.)
these are the examples of interests i've been given:-
i really think that running changed my life . as dramatic as that sounds , god used it in my life at a place where i needed it . i needed the discipline and the sacrifice . i needed to prove to myself that i could start something and see it to the end . it made crossing that finish line so much sweeter . i started training in january when will was 6 months old and i was 20 pounds over weight . it . was . hard . i was so badly out of shape from pregnancy , giving birth and still having a lot of baby weight on my body . at the beginning when i was huffing and puffing through one mile , i would feel sorry for the people on the biggest loser who have to start from scratch with an extra 100 pounds on their body . my knees hurt , my lower back hurt , my lungs burned and i was only running a couple miles . part of me thought to myself , " how will i ever run 13 miles" . i prayed a lot during my runs and the lord kept reminding me to just trust the process . to just worry with the run i had to do that day and not look on my training schedule to weeks ahead . focus on today . slowly , i started to gain endurance . each run became easier and easier . i have said it before and will say it again , week one and two running 2-4 miles for the first time was way harder than week 14 when i was running those 9 miler long runs . so if you think you can't run a 1/2 marathon . ..you can ! i was there once too . i use to tell taylor how i wished i could be that disciplined to run and complete a half marathon . i never thought i could do it either . but i did it and i started out in the worst shape of my life and the heaviest i have ever been . anyone can do it .
internet , you've fooled me again .
the coney island history project has launched a new exhibit about the dreamland fire . you can read more about that in this new york post article .
what did you look like : for a long time i had this long , curly dark hair . then it got cut into this heinous short , dorothy hammil looking wordswordswordsdo , but because my hair was super curly back then it looked like a little white girl fro . i was a normal sized child , not like the kids you see today that could pass for 12 year olds . i also wore my fair share of bad 80wordswordswordss clothes like sweater vests and light wash denim . oh yeah , i rocked those . i even remember i had this jumper that was knit , like leggings , but it had suspenders . oy .
by the time i entered porter junior high in granada hills , i had graduated to a wooden clarinet , which broke apart into two main sections , along with a barrel , bell , and mouthpiece that you sorted into proper slots in the velvet-lined storage case . it took months to learn how to play it without hitting one of those bone-chattering screeches . the instrument was powered by a slender bamboo reed that you soaked in your mouth for five minutes before assembling the clarinet . once moistened , the reed vibrated evenly and if you built up an embouchure (training the muscles of your face to clench securely about the mouthpiece) , you could avoid unwanted notes that diverted highway traffic for miles .
a fox mask on ,
other acknowledgements will be found with the sources to specific articles .
max works in security . danusia is working on her doctorate theses . she's young , smart , sexy and confused . the info she's reading isn't matching the results she expected and when her apartment is broken into again , max goes into protection mode .
make the left side of this image return . then iwordswordswordsll listen .
really love my gadgets and would like to obtain as many as i can !
later over burgers and bloody marys , grey asked why i didnwordswordswordst keep the shirt . why on earth would i keep the shirt ? he shrugged again . it was a nice shirt and the guy sought you out of the crowd . clearly he noticed you and wanted you to have it .
wordswordswordsi now hope the arsenal fans can get on with their lives and forget me , they should celebrate their third-place achievement and i will focus on winning titles.wordswordswords
in accordance with this formula , during the i970s and early i980s a string of institutions was created and old ones were activated to the end of propagandizing the corporate viewpoint . many hundreds of intellectuals were brought to these institutions , where their work was funded and their outputs were disseminated to the media by a sophisticated propaganda effort . the corporate funding and clear ideological purpose in the overall effort had no discernible effect on the credibility of the intellectuals so mobilized ; on the contrary , the funding and pushing of their ideas catapulted them into the press .
on a windswept hillside in an old english country church cemetery , in hampshire county , massachusetts , stands a dreary , grey slate tombstone on which the faints words can still just be distinguished : arabella young january 3 , 1946-may 24 , 2001 wordswordswordsbeneath this stone , a lump of clay , lies arabella young , who , on the twenty-fourth of may , began to hold her tongue . wordswordswords
lee harris in his article wordswordswordswhy isnwordswordswordst socialism dead ? wordswordswords ponders whether socialism isnwordswordswordst dead because socialism canwordswordswordst die . the peruvian economist , hernando de soto , has argued in his book , the mystery of capital , that the failure of the various socialist experiments of the twentieth century has left mankind with only one rational choice about which economic system to go with , namely , capitalism . however , says harris , wordswordswordsthe revolutionary socialistwordswordswordss life is transformed because he accepts the myth that one day socialism will triumph , and justice for all will prevail.wordswordswords thus there is wordswordswordsan . ..analogy between religion and the revolutionary socialism which aims at the apprenticeship , preparation , and even the reconstruction of the individual wordswordswords a gigantic task.wordswordswords wordswordswordsit may well be that socialism isnwordswordswordst dead because socialism cannot die . who doesnwordswordswordst want to see the wicked and the arrogant put in their place ? who among the downtrodden and the dispossessed can fail to be stirred by the promise of a world in which all men are equal , and each has what he needs ? wordswordswords
10- ncis:la
-i needed to go buy a tile cutter in order to get them into certain shapes and sizes .
now , he searches online sex ads , sets up meetings with girls in a hotel room as a would-be john , but when they show up he doesnwordswordswordst arrest them . instead he tells them he wants to help , offers to connect them with social service agencies and where possible arrest their trafficker .
a man's cupping his hand to scoop water from a highland burn .
despite vaguely promising on sunday to return mali to its pre-coup constitution and to civilian rule , the cnrdre junta seems to be digging in its heels . within hours of making his supposedly conciliatory remarks , captain amadou sanogo , the junta leader , stated that the cnrdre remains in power and will play a guiding role in maliwordswordswordss transition . the fact that the malian army is in total disarray , and that three of maliwordswordswordss eight regions have fallen to a motley coalition of islamist and tuareg rebels since the coup , has not phased the juntawordswordswordss determination wordswordswords even though its primary justification for ousting president amadou toumani tourwordswords last month was the need for a firm military response to the rebellion .
the seagull rides
knowing her temperament this could be a very long , tense day . . . .
' what do i mean ? ' cried mr . ' busman ; ' why , i mean that the shopkeepers on our line won't stand it much longer . how the doose are they to get their goods off now , i should like to know . see what a deal of chance custom they got through the ' buses . spose a cove wants to get to lunnon bridge ; well , he goes into oxford street to look out for a " lunnon genera1 . " spose a " lunnon general " don't come up exackly at the moment , he's not in a hurry , the cove isn't , but he waits a bit and valks on . well , in course , by valking on he comes to look in at the shops . say he sees a ' ankercher in a shop winder - i don't say a cove wants aankercher , but say he sees it - well , praps he likes it . well , the ' bus ain't come up yet , and if he misses it there's plenty behind . well , praps he says , " i should like that ankercher, " he says , and in he goes and buys it . well , you can't blame him , you see ; it's human natur , and wot's more , it's trade . now , i ask you , sir , as a gen'leman , can a cove act like that in this ' ere blessed tunnel ? in course not ; consequently trade suffers . '
okay , this was neither last week or from instagram , but it is a sneak peak into a post that is coming up soon about my weekend away in the blue mountians . prepare your eyes for some stunning sights ;)
the article is from american newspaper wordswordswordsthe new york times.wordswordswords
one of the main therapeutic uses of fucus vesiculosus is for thyroid conditions such as hypothyroidism and goiter . partly due to its high iodine content , this kind of kelp assists in the production of thyroid hormones , which help regulate the thyroid gland .
no you wonwordswordswordst
i pulled out the pumpkin cake recipe i made last week . i grabbed some chocolate chips , cream cheese and semi-sweet bakers chocolate . i also pulled out the bundt pan . i was in the mood to pour or drizzle icing , not plump and spread frosting .
with great beer , one also also needs some grub . here's a list of restaurants with a good beer selection to satisfy both your thirst and your hunger . while the restaurants different in styles of food , rest assured that the beer menu is sure to please .
we had duck , sweet n sour pork , cooked cabbage and chicken . of course there was rice as well . it was pretty good . jenna didn't eat much but she was so tense from tianemen square that i think she just wasn't hungry .
world court of women against war , for peace
as we entered the barn , a sense of awe would overwhelm me . there , against a long wall stood a treasure chest in white , grannywordswordswordss deep freeze . and it wasnwordswordswordst one of those mini-freezers you can buy today , it was about a mile long , and filled to the brim . granny would lift the lid , and the frosty air would swirl around my peering face . and there for my sensory pleasure was the sight of a little bit of heaven , frozen and sealed in ziplock bags , or wrapped in white freezer paper . i can only describe the scent as what a snowstorm in the heat of the summertime would probably smell like . it was the scent of ice and sun and fresh fruit and veggies all captured and frozen in time .
1 . violin (group improvisations)
god wants to give you the strength to rise above them and refuse to allow your circumstances and environment to determine the level of the life you live . he wants to be your strength and source . he wants to give you the ability to be stable and steadfast in good times and in bad !
over the flaming verge which turns towards life
kathrynn had a lot of fun helping to set up the tent . it was a wonderful location that john had scouted out for us . we were situated on a little peninsula and so could basically see water from 3 sides . behind our tent were acres of trees , that led to the lake . it was peaceful and not busy at all so we had lots of land to ourselves !
this past week we saw an era of almost 4 decades come to an end . in that era , i mean tennessee lady volwordswordswordss head coach , pat summitt steps aside from being coach after 38 seasons .
that's why i am urging you that if you have never subscribed to this magazine , or if your subscription is up soon , now is the time to jump on over to the tos site and subscribe or renew . here are the details of their wonderful sale , which is only on until september 15th , so go now! ! !
soooooo , yes , prison . how did that happen . i guess last time i wrote to you i was just beginning my time as a man of the sea , joining the scurvy (no really , actual scurvy . three of them told me they were afraid of orange juice) crew of ' the flimsy floozy ' and their fearsome captain , charles bearspit . i wrote to you then from what i believed at the time to be somewhere near spain . turns out we were in fact going round in circles just outside southampton which is apparently on the south coast of england ! i had misjudged these salty seadogs , and quite badly . what i had originally seen in captain bearspit as charming eccentricity was actually plain old bog-standard insanity . i began to realise things weren't exactly ' ship shape ' when one week he insisted on calling us all ' shirley valentine , m'lady love ' and the following week he kept us all up every night singing to his knees . " ohhh knees" , he would wail , " oh naughty , haughty knees . oh please . oh wont you finish your peeeeeeeeeeeeeas" . this would go on for hours . sometimes he would accompany himself with the punctured accordion we had found floating beside the boat a few days before . it was incapable of holding a note and yet the captain would gamely struggle on . the wheezing sounds that emanated from the stricken instrument brought to mind my uncle patrick when he went through his phase of smoking charcoal . do you remember that , rich ? how we'd laugh as time after time , he set his beard alight . good times .
they concluded that parents were often outsmarted by their web-savvy children and felt unconfident in updating and downloading content filters . many parents were wordswordswordsobliviouswordswordswords to the type of material available on the internet and were often shocked when they realised the content that children were accessing .
taking shopping trips in the city helps this , as i must force myself to converse with others for this or that item , such as this parchment and ink i am writing you with . most of the shopkeeps are polite enough not to ask too much about my appearance ; it is a dreadfully awful conversation to have to explain to someone that yes , i do look blue and yes that is my natural skin color just like those night elves . i must bite my tongue to not ask if they have always been so pink or brown , for that would leave only a negative impression upon them .
speaking of the intent of the general assembly , it is doubtful that lawmakers intended hundreds of people lose their ability to drive to work so localities can rake in some extra cash .
personally , i liked the directors ' vision for the whole film , and came away with a slightly better sense of the person behind that steely persona we all saw on the tv .
with my last breath .
guess who was dripping sweat afterwards ? this girl . :p
take care . x
anyway . here are some ideas of what i would like to do and see :
well . ..this is definitely not what i wanted to share with you today . . .
at about the age of seven i discovered matthew arnold's poem the forsaken merman .
but this is the world of card collecting . and when you say something like that , someone always steps forward and says , " sure , i've got some ' 93 donruss . what do you need ? "
in any case , wewordswordswordsre lucky to have thomaswordswordswords music on record , as he disappeared not long after his 1929 sessions , & is presumed to have died in the early 1930s . between 1927 & 1929 , however , he recorded 23 sides for vocalion .
so for your delectation here's some pictures from the seventies
fresh coriander leaves , finely chopped 1/4 cup
as i have repeated ad-nausium on this blog socialism is dependent on the state , the state on which wales now depends is the british state ; until we throw off the shackles of state control wales can never be free !
violets blooming softly in the grass
paper : lucky limeade , whisper white everyday enchantment dp
people- she loves people !
mr . d and i are going to swing dance benefit this thursday
we want you to know that you are making your way home with every step you take that carries with it acceptance and unconditional love for your fellow human beings and your galactic sisters and brothers . you are making your way home towards the light of oneness . may you see and know that by converging with the hearts of all beings , you are treading the path back to oneness with all that is .
we all eventually become new memory keepers .
before seagate - 48.2% (66 of 137 cases)
meal around 3 oz and my veggies around 1/2c . i have 1/4c of a starch like rice , potato or corn . i aim for around 1c wordswordswords 1 wordswords c of food as per my clinicwordswordswordss guidelines . i limit my sliders and less nutritious choices but i donwordswordswordst deny myself anything that i really want . i do try to keep my treats and eating out to the weekends though . obviously real life gets in the way sometimes and we order a pizza or stop and get subway etc . but more often my hubby or i cook at home each night . itwordswordswordss better on the wallet and the weight loss effort !
wordswordswordsfive miles , the course is marked with tape/cone , readywordswordswordssetwordswordswordsgo!wordswordswords
11 . which show have you seen more episodes of 1 or 3 ? csi
some of the most important skills children can learn are those that relate to effective communication . individuals who listen accurately , speak effectively , and write well have greater control over themselves and greater influence in dealing with others .
i have been recently using xylitol , a plant-derived sugar alcohol . it has a low glycemic index rating . it subs for sugar one to one . it doesn't have the gross aftertaste that stevia does . but there is controversy over it , nonetheless . first , it is highly processed to finally arrive at its crystalline/granulated state . any amount of processing = loss of whatever nutrients may have populated the whole food . second , many people complain of digestive issues such as ibs-like symptoms after consuming xylitol . we've never had that problem in our family . and supposedly the issue resolves itself if you start eating it in small amounts and increase your intake slowly . just gotta get ye ol ' digestive track acclimated , i suppose . a word to the wise about xylitol , though , is that most xylitol is corn derived which means - dun , dun , dun - hello lovely genetic modification . boo . luckily , we found emerald forest xylitol , which is made right here in the usofa from birch trees rather than corn . yay ! on the downside (again) , i don't think birch trees are considered a " whole food " for human consumption , so anything derived from them (especially in such a processed manner) , already has one strike against it from the get go . boo . so , i'm definitely still conflicted as to whether this is the sweetener we should be substituting for sugar . i'm leaning toward " no " .
" the number of fines issued on the dlr have increased from approx 15,000 in 2007 to approx 17,500pa in 2010 but wordswordswords and itwordswordswordss a big wordswordswordsbutwordswordswords wordswordswords the number of passenger has also increased from 65m to 75m . so fines have increased but only in line with passenger numbers . these fines are also not pure profit as there are substantial costs involved in mounting ticket inspection operations .
magdi allam was born in 1952 in egypt , the son of muslim parents . he received an education in catholic educational institutions in egypt . he completed his degree in sociology in italy and decided to stay in europe . as a journalist , he worked for major italian newspapers , most recently as deputy editor of corriere della sera in milan . in 2006 , he was won the one million dollar den david prize for understanding and tolerance . he converted to catholicism and was baptised by the pope at the easter vigil 2008 by pope benedict xvi and received the catholic church . through the television broadcast of the easter liturgy , the event became known worldwide and led to some angry reactions in the islamic world . since 2009 , he has been a member of the european parliament . he was elected on the list of the italian christian democrats . due to their cooperation with the party of turkish prime minister erdogan , allam founded his own party . in the european parliament , he is a member of the national-conservative , eurosceptic europe of freedom and democracy group .

this is my problem
so , a demain . . .
i may be the last person in texas to find this out , but apparently kids are no longer being taught cursive in school !
for this reason the law protected them from themselves and adults who may take advantage of them , she said .
god help us , is all i can say , and i'm not just talking about us writers but our so-called civilisation .
to my surprise , i am not freaking out . at least not on the outside . i am pretty calm and content , with the exception of the my-heart-just-skipped-a-beat feeling every time we go upside down . even when we went through the parts i was not initially a fan of , i was okay . i did not fall out of the seat like gravity would predict when i went upside down . i just held onto the little strap and went with it . then , it was over . we stopped , and i just looked around me . i was clearly shocked , maybe a little sad it was over so fast , but in the end i was happy i did it . then , i woke up .
on the brightside , the series will continue with a new protagonist in dead is a battlefield . i hope the light tone and fun mysteries will continue in the next installment . i also hope that we get a sneak peek at what some of favorite characters are doing now .
also been into finding some new hops and blogs today , linking up to thankful for friends thursday !
iwordswordswordsm mentioning this now , because the reason we traveled to the netherlands after paris was to watch him skate in this yearwordswordswordss speed skating world single distance championships , in heerenveen . this meet is the equivalent of the olympics during non-olympic years ; and every 4th year , the olympics replaces the wsdcs . the only differences are 1) that during olympic years , the winners receive the wordswordswordsolympic championwordswordswords title , while during non-olympic years , a winner is called wordswordswordsworld championwordswordswords ; and 2) the races during the olympics are spread out over 2 weeks , so you never have to skate more than one race every other day , while the entire wsdc occurs in 4 consecutive days .
he started off with a well-known hymn expressing exactly this sentiment , in which the name of jesus has been replaced by that of jacob zuma .
for many black people , it took a long time before they were willing to step inside the larger evanston y.m.c.a . , now known as the mcgaw y.m.c.a .
in an alley just off the main shopping centre is a reminder of the second world war . as in london , painted directions guided people to public air raid shelters . here , the ' arp shelter for 367 persons ' was in cellars under several local shops . today the sign is unnoticed - i wouldn't have found it had i not happened across it on hidden teesside .
harvest moon's relationship with rutgers was a side point noted to patrons of thursday night's dinner . after the dessert course of chocolate cake pops , head brewer kyle mcdonald was kind enough to take a few moments to explain the brewpub's interdependence with rutgers ' ag program , and how harvest moon's executive chef , michael " tank " deangelis , added rutgers farm bacon and beef to the anniversary dinner menu .
metropolitan hilarion kapral of new york and eastern america , the first hierarch of the rocor , in his general letter on canonisation , said , wordswordswordsthrough his selfless life , podvig , and martyric death , alexander schmorell witnessed his love for god and his image , reflected in his neighbourwordswordswords . vladyki hilarion pointed up that new martyr alexander had the opportunity to avoid punishment and save his life , but he voluntarily embraced suffering , overcoming his own egotism , which wordswordswordsdesires that we all depart from god , from divine lovewordswordswords . metropolitan hilarion said he hoped that from now glorified in the saints , alexander schmorell would wordswordswordsbe the intercessor of our spiritual correction , of the renewal of our lives and our internal powerswordswordswords .
andrew robinson -- one of the most memorable villains in film history -- may be the most important part of the film . his performance as the scorpio killer is just the right amount of insane and cunning . his plan to indict callahan is what fuels the second half of the film (what is essentially the same narrative as the first half of the film , only this time we understand that callahan has been told not to follow scorpio around) , and itwordswordswordss a brilliantly executed scene as robinson plays it so well that we arenwordswordswordst sure if hewordswordswordss a masochist and enjoys the beating , or if he just enjoys whatwordswordswordss going to happen to callahan once his plan goes into full effect . i mean is there anything creepier than when robinson utters the line , wordswordswordsi changed my mind . i think iwordswordswordsm going to let her die.wordswordswords hewordswordswordss just the perfect villain . apparently robinson was a pacifist and had real trouble shooting (and even holding) a gun . it must have been hell for robinson to do the final scene ; the memorable moment where scorpio takes a school bus of children hostage on his way to the airport . itwordswordswordss such a creepy , maniacal performance as he forces the kids to sing wordswordswordsrow your boatwordswordswords over and over until he finally snaps when he sees callahan waiting for him on a bridge as the bus drives by . itwordswordswordss one of the most iconic shots of the film . robinson , shockingly , didn't make many more movies immediately following the success of dirty harry . perhaps he suffered from anthony perkins complex in that playing a villain so well and so convincingly , he was doomed to typecasting . he found a niche on television doing one-off roles (with the exception of " ryan's hope") until 1986 when he starred in the sylvester stallone action vehicle cobra . a year later , he was once again a memorable movie villain (for about 20 minutes) in clive barker's hellraiser . it's too bad he hasn't done much since (a lot of tv movies) because he gives what is arguably the most memorable performance in dirty harry .
bailing out car dealerships , what about helping out people on social security , underpaid teachers , doctors , nurses , people who desperately need medical insurance .
could be yours , should be yours , would be yours
our choices were expanded by the boy inviting us to the gig he'd be performing at in bristol . while intended for young people , we quite like the music he produces (dubstep , in case you were interested) and he would put us on the guest list . so that's what we're going to do .
different genres . zapiro isn't a zulu tribesman . and even if zapiro
in the tang dynasty (618 ad wordswordswords 907 ad) , tea leaves were steamed , pressed into brick form and let dry for easy storage . brick tea was spread to japan during this time by buddhist monks . in modern times , only certain pu-erh tea is processed using this method . during the song dynasty (920 ad wordswordswords 1279 ad) , the chinese started to process tea leaves in loose form as it is considered a better way to store refined tea leaves . even to this day , loose form is still the preferred way of processing tea throughout the world .
directed by : pennant roberts
the baba yaga's eyes twinkled . " i have a helpful little friend . who i am so very happy to see again . " at this , will puffed with pride and grinned widely . sam was amazed . apparently , the doll and the baba yaga could communicate telepathically .
i don't have to plan my day around picking kids up from a friends house .
200g smoked salmon
finally , the committee argues that allowing euthanasia is merely an incremental change wordswordswords we all agree with palliative care and so , it says , wordswordswordsaide mwordswordsdicale wordswords mourirwordswordswords (euthanasia) needs to be seen as just another wordswordswordspalliative-care option.wordswordswords
meet christina this saturday at the spring bash--she's more than just awesome plushes . check out her jewelry and clothing designs , too . (sadly , she won't be my booth neighbor this year , but i can guarantee all those around her will be smiling!)
my prayers are with rosie and his wife (and my dear friend) barb .
then bend me over before i can reply ,
maybe it really is the fed . at the rate they're spending money , they've got to get something to back it with . maybe it really is zimbabwe ben . . .
at this junction i am still hoping to see the mlusd step up to the plate , and we can resolve this matter with simple discussion and planning .
she died in 1984 , when i was 8 . it was august . i was home from cub scout camp , done in by my allergies , or something else that reached out from the woods of tuscazoar and brought me down . i remember mom coming into my room one night and letting me know shewordswordswordsd passed away . and i donwordswordswordst remember much more about that conversation other than an anecdote , which to me forever cast her as a somewhat feisty character , even unto death .
preheat the oven to 325 degrees f . line a 24 count regular-size cupcake pan with cupcake liners .
for example , there were the de chambruns -- alderbert and clara . their son , rene , married the daughter of pierre laval , who became marachel petain's prime minister . as part of the vichy government , they were considered pro-german at best , collaborators at worst . certainly rene fell into this camp .
wait , you mean you donwordswordswordst know what a stackhat is ? how embarrassing for you . they were only like , the trendiest bike helmets ever in australia in the 80wordswordswordsswordswordswords
listen to the chorus mainly peepswordswordswordsiwordswordswordsm headed to workwordswordswordsand to finally finish my final papers (oh my , i am growing up) .
oh well i'll just have to make up for it when i'm back in the summer .
an elderly woman died in a small town just down the road last week .
from chleinalp (km 64.3) it was a normal run again . the scenery was back to green meadows again , the path to normal cart roads and streets , the weather warm (about 15 wordswordsc) , no fog and almost no rain . i enjoyed the rest of the race , running through very nice forrests until the end in davos platz after 79.1 km .
longo , angelo and barry , catharine . illustrated by longo , angelo . the space book . new york : paxton-slade publishing co . (44 p.) 29 cm . (1962)
you can make absolutely anything you want as long as it's to celebrate a birthday and this is the prize from the lovely guys at sir stampalot for this months lucky challenge winner :
service had reinforced patrol in
good beer week kicks off on monday may 15 and consists of events to suit every beer taste and budget . from tastings at slowbeer and purvis beer to beer dinners at the terminus hotel and the local taphouse to the beermentv hair of the dog breakfast and the great beer debate at ormond hall and week-long special offers and surprises around town wordswordswords therewordswordswordss something to tempt all . check it all out at www.goodbeerweek.com
" back to the roots " is a 1971 double album by john mayall released on polydor . recording sessions took place both in california and london where mayall invited some former members of his band , notably guitarists eric clapton and mick taylor .
these colorful locks seem to be all the rage . whether itwordswordswordss highlights , whole head , or just tips bright bold colors are in ! this is a great look for those who dare to be bold . i love this trend because itwordswordswordss being fun while being stylish and chic , not goth or scene . if your not set on dying your whole head try dip dying or ombre with semi-permenant colors . if you add some conditioner to the color of your choice youwordswordswordsll get a soft pastel color !
we feel we are not worth love .
to their real quality .
christmas lightswordswordswordsgarlandwordswordswordsornamentswordswordswordschristmas cardswordswordswordswrapping paperwordswordswordsribbonwordswordswordsstockingswordswordswordssanta hatswordswordswords.figurineswordswordswordschristmas globeswordswordswordsunique & one-of-a-kind giftswordswordswords
listen here !
all rights retained by original copyright holder
1/4 cup sifted good quality cocoa
good , brain work . . . . figuring out how to direct the dogs with our body language . . . . funny how our bodies rarely do what our brains tell them to do when we are learning something new . ya watch and think it looks simple enough . . . til you try it and discover it's not quite so easy . . . . like pattin your head and rubbin your belly while chewin gum and walkin down the street .
the story is absolutely brilliant , there were so many twists , turns and surprises that left my jaw hanging and left me in shock . the way fleur beale has weaved together the plot was incredible . what at first seemed to be a fairly neat , predictable plot soon grew into something much more complicated and action-packed than expected . it was really refreshing to read because the plot was not only layered , it made me *think* . the society juno lives in reminds me of a communist society . everybody does the same things , works the same sorts of jobs , has to get selected for ridiculous things like have a child and the wordswordswordsqualitieswordswordswords the chosen parents choose for their children all bare the same sort of resemblance . i loved how this topic was explored in addition to the regular dystopian government .
le manoir de kerledan is situated in cenral brittany and provides a fantastic base for visiting the region . if you'd lke to know more about staying there just drop penny a mail , and she'll give you the details .
so here we go with our week living on the ' home front' . gas masks ready . . . . . . . . .
common dilemmas :
i awoke absolutely shattered . four twelve-hour shifts in five days had exhausted my reserve tank . on top of this i had made an wordswordswordsemergencywordswordswords appointment for eft (emotional freedom technique) first thing in the morning to tackle my current anxiety . it has done wonders over the past months . and it did wonders today ! despite the early start ( i could have easily stayed in bed a couple of hours longer) .
recommended for those whowordswordswordsve always wondered what it would be like if you combined a female-centered coming of age story with shounen manga style antics and iron chef situations ; bonus for horikita maki and foodie fans .
it appears that the search and seizure of weapons was completed , and that the arrest of mr mwordswordsniwordswordsre was in process , when mr mwordswordsniwordswordsre apparently grabbed the student-constablewordswordswordss firearm and promptly shot him dead . other reports state that mrs jardel suddenly appeared on the scene at that point in time , and also started shooting . the shots were apparently fired while the police were loading the confiscated firearms in the police vehicle .
100g white chocolate chunks
it's sunday . it's the 22nd . and those on facebook will know it's my birthday . yep a time to think about the year gone and what i want to achieve in the year to come . mostly , i just look forward to the cake . *lol*
i am on the constant search for something fun and exiting to read , so i went to the library . (i really wanted to go to the bookstore and drink coffee , but i didnwordswordswordst want to spend any money.) i always bypass the books that people tell me wordswordswordsi should readwordswordswords
these past months have been so busy that iwordswordswordsve not had time to read much , but robert j sawyerwordswordswordss illegal alien was quite interesting . i also enjoyed reading otsuichiwordswordswordss goth . it was wonderful .
her credit-stealing boss tells her to resign so she decides to get drunk at a bar . a tall , skinny guy with a deep voice walks in . is he her co-star ? well , hewordswordswordss the second lead called hyun sang hee . a man whowordswordswordss so sexy that even though hewordswordswordss been mia for a while , an engaged girl wants to kiss him . but hewordswordswordss not interested in well-dressed airheads . nope . instead , he prefers disheveled women who are drinking themselves into oblivion . and this is how our second lead meets our lead .
mormon ? a religion ? the only religions i know of are the presbyterians , protestants , and the catholics . the doctrine fell from the sky in upstate new york ? was the founder an indian ? well , iwordswordswordsve only ever seen indians up there . i quite like them . theywordswordswordsre the reason i make a mean popcorn .
3 : break
to the remaining two-thirds , add the melted choco-chips and coffee brew . mix together till you get a creamy texture . this is the filling .
brodsky said that , because he lumped the cost of the $3.5 billion #7 line extension into the costs for west side development , he calculated some $4 billion in public support .
he has also re-raked what will be the back lawn and brought all the small stones to the front so it will be easy to scrape them into a bucket . keeping the birds off newly sown grass seed is going to be fun (not) .
the smile
at this point i just couldnwordswordswordst help myself ,
wordswordswordsno . itwordswordswordss wordswordswordswordswordswords i never know how to explain my obsession . wordswordswordsi am interested in them,wordswordswords i said . wordswordswordsi have heard strange things about them in ireland and places.wordswordswords the two men laughed .
please support aliran
donwordswordswordst call me when you feel the pain ,
was laid by william lowes , esq .
on top of the earth
marchukwordswordswordss painstakingly detailed works , at once lyrical and disturbing look like clinical operations on the open heart . the open heart of living things wordswordswords the intricate microcosm of structured chaos , stylized forms emerging and dissolving back into itself .
contact marbiol at uw.edu with questions .
recently , i was with my friend at m.a . society near kaybees , where i saw a bunch of class 8 students discussing various things while smoking shisha . the way they were discussing various adult rated issues was kind of alarming and the worst thing was that all of them had bunked their tuitions and collected money for smoking shisha !
i've been following your posts for a long time , and have always really appreciated the honesty and heart you put into every entry , especially this one . i grew up on the homemade kaya my father made (its impossible to find in the states) , and will always remember his patience with my banging about in the kitchen while he laboriously stirred . it wasn't until five years after his passing that i learned he never cared for the stuff , and had always gone out of his way to make it for me . for years , the tall narrow jam jar had always been full and dutifully refilled , and the smooth , sweet kaya spread on crisp toast in a heart shape on my birthday without fail , into my high school years until he passed away . and never having known he had always done it for me ! it's amazing to see that this love for family and the food we cook and eat with them is so universal , and so beautiful to see how their memories live on this way . this was an a great post , full of great memories .
oh , thatwordswordswordss funny , i noticed you when you walked in .
hey , the very best christmas wishes for all of you , my dear friends ! wordswordswords
wordswordswordsbut if the doctor died at the end of the runaway bride then he wouldnwordswordswordst have been able to stop the carrionites . or the daleks . or the family of blood . or the weeping angels . or the pyrovilles . so earth history would have been completely knackered from at least the eruption of vesuvius , no ? or do rtd scripted invasions carry greater potential danger than all of the above ?
in the meantime , anything posted on the web is there for eternity , and we invite you to look over our past posts and sample some of the best writing on classical music in cyberspace and , indeed , in the real world too .
and indeed , all of them are gaming places .
the flight from atlanta to amsterdam (our point of european departure for africa) was largely uneventful . 8.5 hours of flight broken only for about a half hour by turbulence in the mid-atlantic .
thank you sheila for all you do for my son , wind .
the photo above (zach) with a converted rain barrel ; rigged so it can be turned 360 degrees ; mixes soil and compost ; allowing four boxes to be rejuvenated at a time .
a white home can accept any garden floor . what i love is the repeat of the arch shape on the ground . are you seeing the lesson here ? look up ! what colors and architectural elements of yours can be repeated for one cohesive appearance ?
the elite present white women as only worth one thing . in early august 2007 on a big brother programme , within 5 minutes of arriving in the house , the role model for young white women was announcing that she loved to " swallow " and performing a lap dance for two people she'd only just met . around the same time i accidentally turned on hollyoaks at 5.15 and was greeted with two blokes snogging , tongues and all .
please tell us about your different pillow collections ?
sometimes , as a pr professional , all it takes is a single piece of press coverage to make your day/week/year . wewordswordswordsre a pretty passionate bunch so a great piece of coverage can result in a whole office full of pr types whooping and cheering .
however , i will be at the front of the line for those who advocate compassion and forgiveness for people who were born into a system that tortured them in unimaginable ways , and gave them not even a shred of hope to ever escape .
warning : there is a wounded baby bear in the woods . it is unknown if the mother is close by . wewordswordswordsd like all citizens to remain out of the woods until further notice . the elves are caring for the bear but it is aggressive due to its wounds . do not take matters into your own hands . the wyldings know how to handle the creature and are protecting it from other predators .
bayeux morgan iii , ceo , star america aviation company
4 . cody rhodes v . big show for the ic title in a table match
a sin can only be unforgivable if repentance is impossible . if someone repeatedly closes his heart to god and shuts his ears to his voice , he comes to a point where he can no longer recognize god even when god makes himself known . such a person ends up perceiving evil as good and good as evil (isaiah 5:20) . to fear such a sin , however , signals that one is not dead to god and is conscious of the need for godwordswordswordss grace and mercy . there are no limits to the mercy of god , but anyone who refuses to accept godwordswordswordss mercy by repenting of wrongdoing , rejects the forgiveness of their sins and the salvation offered by the holy spirit . god gives grace and help to all who humbly call upon him . giving up on god and refusing to turn away from sin and disbelief results from pride and the loss of hope in god .
hello everyone! ! today i'm talking about my fav technique - feathering!! ! it is often said that this is the hardest technique , but i love it and when you practice a few simple things , you will love it too!! ! :) this technique is primarily used when you want to colour something from two different colour families , such as dresses , fairy wings and flowers (think pansies or irises that change from purple to yellow) . the biggest thing to keep in mind is that , when using this technique that you use colours that end in the number 0 , 1 or 2 ! why ? because they are very pale and will blend from one to the other . darker colours are difficult to achieve this look , although with some practice you could also use colours that end in a 3 .
4 wordswordswords point out the mistakes of otherspeople need to be aware of their failures or theywordswordswordsll never be able to change . so , keep an eye out for otherswordswordswords missteps or mishaps and then leak the word to the rest of your employees or volunteers . be specific and stern . donwordswordswordst give the person a chance to explain his actions since thatwordswordswordss usually just a way of denial or shirking responsibility . itwordswordswordss even more beneficial to make the shortcomings of others public , so that other people in the organization can keep them in line .
be sure to tell your dentist if youwordswordswordsre taking any medications or have had any changes in your overall health wordswordswords especially if youwordswordswordsve had any recent illnesses or you have a chronic condition .
10 second high push up plank hold or a forearm plank hold . followed by :
chiyanike , of the family of chief chinamora . also zhakata and his family came to chishawasha and begged a place to live and chinamora agreed . all these people were nhohwe , they lived in chishawasha for many years until they returned to their it country .
the last thing i noticed more curiously with the extreme republicans was the higher likelihood they seem to have to be conspiracy theorists . this week we held our junior high parent's meeting about the new common core standards in math and language arts beginning in the fall . and leading up to this meeting , and throughout the meeting itself , certain parents--who've made their political bent and tendencies clearly evident--repeated made comments that this shift is being pushed , paid for , and required by the federal government . our principals , teachers , districts leaders , and even the state office of education have tried to make the facts clear . this change--along with
begin with the dough ; in a small saucepan , heat milk and butter just until warm and butter is almost melted , stirring constantly . in a large mixer bowl , combine the pumpkin , sugar , orange zest , spices and salt . add milk mixture and beat with stand mixer until well mixed . beat in the eggs and yeast .
so , now i am slowly attempting to get all of my old designs onto the computer so that i can
even when things are at their worst , god is still in control . otherwise he would not be god . looking at acts 27:16 ; things are going from bad to worse . they have lost control of the ship in the violent storm .
lawyers for mr . ashcroftwordswordswordss firm said all the problematic accounts had been excised , even though it meant losing nearly $30 million a year in interest and fees . wordswordswordsas current and potential problems have been uncovered , he has not hesitated to act,wordswordswords mr . ashcroft said of his client .
eldest was a joint best man with the groom's brother . they had written the speech in tandem and it bore all the hallmarks of their twisted sense of humour . apparently the groom had " more skeletons in his closet than fred west" , but they had managed to whittle the list of misdemeanours down so that it wasn't too tedious : " longer than abu hamza's arm but shorter than ken bigley's neck " (ouch!) .
transoceanwordswordswordss emergency and family response teams are working with the u.s . coast guard and lease operator bp exploration & production , inc . to care for all rig personnel and search for missing rig personnel . a substantial majority of the 126 member crew is safe but some crew members remain unaccounted for at this time . injured personnel are receiving medical treatment as necessary . the names and hometowns of injured persons are being withheld until family members can be notified .
indicates that seven children will come together , and this book ends with only five having been found , so there is probably another book on the way .
so , lets face it , the first 4 months were phenomenal . in january , we had some 2011 carryover money that produced momentum . february through april , we had extra funds come in from big jobs , we had off the charts craigslist sales , and we scratched out what felt like a multitude of small little orcs that were nipping at our heals . after that we had a hefty hvac that took longer than we expected , but still wordswordswords somewhat manageable on momentum and hope alone .
160 ml peanut oil (100 ml olive oil recommended by author)
iwordswordswordsve been looking closely to a couple of ww2 skirmish games . iwordswordswordsm really letting nuts ! off the table right now , because i want something a bit bigger . nuts ! gets a little slow when you go beyond a couple of squads a side , and the tank rules never seemed nice to me .
humble containers for so fragile a mix .
then equestrian got up to shut her door and peeked down the hall . the girl was just sitting on the floor , in the dark , facing the other way , with her legs splayed out in front of her .
a short hike down the cliff is our favorite beach (so far) for shells . this beach is called survivor beach ! i think it is because you are thankful you survived the hike down the cliff . of course , there is always the hike back up ! we have found some amazing shells here . on one trip sammy , bethany and i were playing in a tide pool and there were so many shells . what was even more amazing was that they were all perfect . it was like someone came and just dropped them all there for us to find . we were quickly filling our bags and within minutes we started becoming a little more particular about what we actually put in our bag . as we were searching we were talking about how shocked the others would be when they saw all we had found .
i know little of clothing and nothing of couture , but the upcoming awards season and the subsequent criticism of who-wore-it-best have me thinking about style . if the red carpet is a runway and an essay , an exposition , the absence of cameras and flashing lights makes style no less important and defining for written work .
its not necessarily that iwordswordswordsm becoming restless or anything like that , but after hearing one of the graduate architects talk to a high school student , looking toward his wordswordswordsnext step,wordswordswords architecture school , i found myself reflecting upon my own situation . i have a long way to go in terms of my architecture education and a lot of wordswordswordsnext stepswordswordswords ahead of me .
i've been doing a number of wedding party gift orders , special orders .
does anyone else find this ? is it a rapid-cycling bipolar thing or is it more likely to be borderline personality disorder ?
(b) timber , and
or iraq .
strange things are happening at night in cinnamon grove ! someone in pyjamas has been chasing frogs in the pantry , climbing trees like a leopard , and even looking for a hen in ramziwordswordswordss wardrobe . . . who could it be ? surely not ramziwordswordswordss dad ?
zeuswordswordswordss serial philandering (morally reprehensible , maybe) has given us both his immortal and demi-god children . would i truly wish him to be a faithful husband , and thus be without , say , aphrodite (no lovers or trojan war stories , then) or perseus (no medusa tales) or heracles (no tasks) ? herawordswordswordss vindictiveness towards zeuswordswordswordss conquests (and to his offspring) is unpleasantwordswordswordsbut can i say that , in the same situation , i might not have had a vengeful thought or two ? definitely no to both .
buddhi is that part of your mind that can learn and is taught . . the knowing part of your mind .
the nigel preston & knight collections were founded by preston and his wife brenda knight in 2007 . they became renowned for artisan hand-painting and decorative techniques as well as for exquisite form and pattern cutting inspired by knightwordswordswordss collection of 18th century antique clothing , accessories and fabrics - a collection which was sourced from her travels to the antique markets of european cities like london , paris , milan , venice and as far away as india . (doesn't that just make you want to quit your day job right now ? )
the fact is , i donwordswordswordst know much about how movies are made .
on the one hand , i find myself viewing vulnerability as a weakness and
the iaf is said to be worried about the advanced anti-aircraft systems that russia has sold to countries in the region , the report said . among those systems , the sa 17 and 22 in syria and iran present a challenge .
i choose to feel that my superiors appreciate me ! amen !
18and the nations were angry , and thy wrath is come , and the time of the dead , that they should be judged , and that thou shouldest give reward unto thy servants the prophets , and to the saints , and them that fear thy name , small and great ; and shouldest destroy them which destroy the earth .
she says please
he specially dislikes his rider , corporal samuel perkins , sort of a macho show-off who is feared by the other soldiers ; although he doesn't beat joey or lose his temper with him , he is not above whipping him to keep him going . joey claims that his only " consolation " during this period is captain nicholls , who has held to his promise to take good care of him , and has even started sketching joey as a hobby .
pages : 400
when giving out style advice , she says it's best not to read too many fashion blogs , or you'll risk losing your sense of yourself . in this day and age of global fashion via the internet , i think she's got a point . while influenced by some of the season's best designs , caroline's style is undeniably her own . below are some of my favorite summer outfits that she's posted recently :
how a vook differs from the internet , i have no idea .
equally he needs to enhance theo walcottwordswordswordss improvements . too many of his detractors highlight his inconsistent performances without recognising his improved productivity . that would increase with consistency but walcott is often underappreciated . a balance to me , would be three or four players hitting double figures as well as theo and van persie .
after cooling , combine the chilled custard mixture with the mascarpone cheese and whip until smooth . i used my kitchenaid mixer with the whisk attachment to do this .
" . . . , i taught martial arts . i have skills , this just isn't my time . but , my time will come . "
bonjour ! i'm hoping my new blog will be a great way to keep each other posted about things we experience and love here in our little corner of paradise .
i'm kicking myself for throwing away the giant bag of wooden beads i tossed several years ago . when i was 18 , i had this elaborate plan to make a bead curtain in my room (and yes , i realize that we're no longer in the 70's , i don't know what i was thinking.) now i'm just wishing i had more wooden beads to make several hundred more bead necklaces .
95 . ein prosit -- die g'scherten munchner
what i would really , really like for this giveaway is something beautiful . i'd love to see pictures that mean spring or poems or something incredibly cute that will take my mind off this dumb . . . whatever-it-is that's fogging up my bring this week .
3 sweet dixie 3:50
chay plays with his children .
in taking the pulse , the chinese therapist feels three pressure points along each wrist , first with light pressure and then with heavy pressure , for a total of 12 different pulses on both wrists . each pulse is thought to indicate the condition of one of the 12 vital organs .
the allegations of abuse , and other characteristics of the alleged abusers .
quaystv news broadcasts live in full hd from the uos wordswordswordsthe eggwordswordswords @ 130pm every wednesday .
it started on thanksgiving . the rolls weren't done . i mean : they were done , but not that perfect , flaky , crusty wonderfulness that makes homemade rolls the shiz . turns out the bottom burner in the oven died - after the turkey and desserts were all baked , thank goodness , so that wasn't so bad .
whether you view allen as a hero of the people who saved britain from civil war , or the sneaking and treacherous letter-thief who prevented the accession of the true king to the throne will depend on your sympathies ; tory or whig , catholic or protestant . either way there was no doubt of his significance . it is a strange fact , though , that locally he is known only as postmaster and quarry owner . his role as spy is not general knowledge . but i have , of course , cast him in my latest book in this secret role .
according to reports , keeton then waived the gun around and pointed it in his wifewordswordswordss direction multiple times , telling her if he could not have her then no one could .
iwordswordswordsve never read a book like emotional equations . clearly , chip conley is more than a speaker . hewordswordswordss a reader , and hewordswordswordss an open book , as it were , about what he read and analyzed to come up with the ideas he shares here , starting with abraham maslow . i was impressed , again and again , with the intellectual leaps conley made . this book wonwordswordswordst just go onto a shelf , out of reach . rather , itwordswordswordsll be one i need close by , to refer to again and again . wordswordswords
i also believe that earning a phd and working in an unrelated profession doesn't have to be seen as a failure . there are many jobs out there in the bay area alone that require statistical training , or web design experience , or survey/interview experience . these jobs are perfect for someone with the rigorous experience a phd requires . sure they probably don't earn the type of salary earned by a corporate ceo , but they represent an employable path for phd students who are finished with academic life and ready for the professional world . graduate students should entertain the idea that they are entrepreneurs as well as researchers . it's not always a sad story for graduate students , and i think the economist article missed that a bit .
4 . the reality of the lamp at the door is that there is one light that is seen outside and inside . this is vivrita . it takes the vision round and round . this process does justice to the reality of light , revealing that itwordswordswordss not two lights . the two appear , in the same way as a snake appears in the string .
we are itching to bring out our bicycles , picnic baskets , spring decor and walking shoes so we can fully enjoy the unseasonably warm weather . our rubber stamp release for march is celebrating all of this as well . we are getting ready for planting gardens , watching butterflies fluttering about , listening to bumblebees buzzing all around and hearing birds singing . we are celebrating all of the new things spring brings . some of us like to decorate for spring holidays . others will be welcoming someone to the neighborhood or welcoming home a new little one . whatever it is you are celebrating this spring , fresh brewed designs has a stamp to help you create for it !
since the owners of the project had gone , the banks may have to write off those bad loans . it is a bitter pill for the country to swallow .
everyone has something to learn and everyone has something to teach . sometimes your learning moments can come in the most surprising places and from people you would never expect . the key is to always remain open for learning opportunities . once you shut yourself off and decide that most people have nothing to teach you , you truly stop learning . this is the trash mans guide to time management .
i will save giving a proper update on allegra for when i do her ' 6 months ' post in a few weeks time . . . i know , 6 months , i can't believe it either ! and i have so much to fill you in on in general . . . including one rather exciting piece of news which i hope to share soon ! wordswordswordsnow off to tackle those suitcases . . . hmph . x
- same random judging madness as at a traditional slam
i wonwordswordswordst copy and paste the whole altercation here , therewordswordswordss no point . it ended with me apologizing and her asking me not to swear on her blog .
in the blood and gore stakes , do you think less is more , that suggesting horror can be more frightening than going into intricate detail ?
and that just reminds me of the past , of how i used to be . it is very painful as it makes me confront the true extent of the damage that alcohol dependency has caused my life .
never helped a fourth grader with his math .
the show is a minefield of symbols -- michelangelo , picasso , magic eye books , buddha , a crab , automotive repair advertising , and what may or may not be a fish head . each of these could compel a witty exhibition , and i genuinely believe that that is what johnson is trying to do , be as witty as he can while at the same time taking his thought and work in deeper directions . after all , humor often surprises with the quality of its critique . you would expect nothing less from a former student of charles ray . artists like tom friedman and ray do this very well in their work , and johnson seemingly drew close to their respective practices in his first show .
amid allegations this week , of current investigations ongoing into the vast number of slander and police harassment matters padlo wordswordswordspablowordswordswords roopnarine has brought against his opponents before the courts of trinidad and tobago .
to her with a natural approach to anything in my life , she pretty much laughs in my face . that simple act manages to really discourage me pretty easily . i think , of the facts are there , the facts are there . if it makes me feel good , and is not dangerous , they why not ? i don't think " because my mom says so " is a good enough excuse as an adult to do or not do anything .
how is this child going to feel when she realizes she is banned from hearing the truth ? how do children cope once they learn every adult they trusted has lied to them ? i was never taught to believe in santa so i have no experience to relate .
perhaps this mostly applies to fields in which the tenure-track years involve building labs and research groups and other time-intensive activities that are necessary for new and exciting research projects to be launched and for at least some research goals achieved . i bet , however , that it also applies to any field in which more ambitious research can only be undertaken once you have developed a certain network of colleagues and contacts and attained the awesome knowledge that only comes with experience (says middle-aged me) .
the danger in wordswordswordsproof textingwordswordswords of course is that rather than presenting the word in the way god intended , the preacher presents his own ideas instead of godwordswordswordss truth . rather than wordswordswordsrightly dividing the wordwordswordswords , he makes the scripture say what he wants it to .
enjoy the challenge and remember the winner receives a free mfp stamp set !
22:35 the hall warden at lenton and wortley hall informed security that three students were running around in their underwear . security made them aware that this was unacceptable . security to follow up .
for all the problems with statistics and statisticians , an evidence-based approach to social conditions did have its uses , even if the immediate conclusions of people like edgell wyatt-edgell were censorious . statistics were not only used by the government to classify and control the poor : high death rates from poor sanitation could cost civic officials their jobs . and statistics were a medium through which the poor became visible in a new way to those higher on the social scale .
i've been thinking lately what to blog about . got nothing really . just a bunch of coal .
my niece is loving all the flowers - she is very much a child of nature and adores animals of all kinds , as well as flowers . she is getting good at identifying flowers now , having mastered animal names - which isn't bad when you're not quite four !
wordswordswordsto know exactly what it means , iwordswordswordsd probably have to go into counseling,wordswordswords she added , laughing .
when ned dolan flicked a penny in the air and david bradford called tails , it looked as though he had signed his own death warrant wordswordswords for the loser was to become bait for a deadly german sniper . and dolan had never wordswordswords but never wordswordswords lost a toss with this special penny .
be connected to you , and trust you in spite of ,
some sweet and effective cures for sweaty feet
georgetown universitywordswordswordss department of emergency management & operational continuity (democ) designed and led the exercise , which took place on main campus . as part of the exercise , students , faculty , and staff volunteers dispensed mock medications to participants to evaluate and practice response to a public health emergency . volunteers from germs , cert , and the building & floor marshal program participated in the exercise , with the department of public safety (dps) providing site security .
" you can give without loving , but you canwordswordst love without giving . " amish proverb
the philobiblon wordswordswords richard de bury
as i mentioned in a previous post , travel agents , all-but-obsolete travel agents , are making a come-back . also in the paper today is an op-ed by a psychologist and professor at m.i.t . called sherry turkle . turkle's article is called " the flight from conversation, " and it's about , in broad terms , modern-day man's inability to connect with other people . turkle's article starts this way , " we live in a technological universe in which we are always communicating . and yet we have sacrificed conversation for mere
so i am stuck . when is the ' right ' time to have a baby . if there is something i have learned from infertility is that i have no control over when i will have a baby . so why am i even asking myself when ?
i have not the slightest idea why god had all of this in store for us at this time , and i don't care . i was mad at first , since i was already grieving for my grandmother and really couldn't believe that this was happening less than a week later . but it is what it is , and it could have been so much worse . his appendix was about as bad as it can get before it ruptures , which it thankfully had not . he was able to have it removed laparoscopically , which shortens recovery time . and i'm so thankful it happened while we were at home , and not travelling . we went through that in vegas when we lost lily , and i never want to deal with a situation like that again . thank god it happened after we had come home from the funeral , and before we were supposed to travel to my sister's house 8 hours away . (which of course is cancelled now.)
the action/crime/biography stander is my favorite tom jane performance . it features a lot of action , wit , and clever means of robbing banks while evading police . a definite 9/10 .
some statistical analysis for the losties out there . kind of .
has become a hot need in your pants
greece , like france , is comfortable taking a bailout and increasing spending as long as it does not have to meet the bailout requirements . there is apparently a european school of economics that says when you are broke , spend more .
of course , there's much more . for instance , dick norton , whom i reference in the piece , cites in his book on amal " one of al-sadr's close associates , a man who was directly involved in investigating the disappearance , who believes that the imam was murdered as a result of a syrian-libyan-iranian plot . . . . according to the former associate , it was the syrians , and particularly foreign minister khaddam , who urged al-sadr to accept the libyan invitation . . . "
romans 8
wordswordswords grail castle , lovewordswordswordss bower ,
serve over brown rice . top with feta and more lemon juice , if desired .
if there's something yummy to be had at the end of it all , there's no fuss or tedium that's not worth the while .
siblings relive horror deaths
in black ghettoes in the us it rises to about 40 .
this has to be the cutest idea for a cupcake i have ever seen! ! really! ! !
2pm john lyons & leigh adams water harvesting , edibles and california natives
so i wait . if this doesn't work out , i'll be disappointed , but good will come out of it . i've realized i really am ready to move on . i don't think i want to go to another firm . i've gained some interview practice . i've updated my resume . i'll just have to keep looking .
tl : the version in the magazine was :
chime by franny billingsly
fashion ; many pronunciations , which thirty or forty years ago
beachfront property comes
in contrast , if we followed a strategy of based on the ideal of peacemaking , while continuing to be on-guard , and simply issued warrants for the arrests of " criminals" , what effect would that have over time on the number and passion of terrorists ?
i was teaching classes in the gym at the end of town and also a fantastic class that i was blessed to teach on a beautiful wooden deck on the beach at la sirena .
philip was conducting what we might today call a revival meeting . god was blessing the meeting , and many were being healed and delivered from demonic influence . here is the scene :
despite a large percentage of those tweeters having an unusual association with justin bieber (iwordswordswordsll let you make your own mind up about their sanity) , they share an overly exaggerated opinion of the sport that the majority have outside of racing .
wherewordswordswordss the beef ?
that sweet girl with macey is daphne
wordswordswordsbwordswordswords wordswordswords a bid to practice existentialism ; or , a panicked call for assistance about the bee on your forearm .
we have such a strong taboo against incest that if you want to write about sibling sex in a mainstream novel , the incest must be motivated . in other words , there has to be a strong reason for it . perhaps the children were shut away in an attic most of their lives and had only themselves to rely on . (if i remember correctly , this was the premise of v.c . andrewswordswordswords flowers in the attic.) perhaps two sisters were molested by their father , and the only tender love they knew was the love they offered each other . perhaps the parents saw nothing wrong with sibling sex , perhaps even encouraged it by having a brother and sister share a bed . (of course , this complicates matters in that you have to show the parentswordswordswords actions as being motivated . why would they think this was an acceptable arrangement ? )
sentiment stamp by cat's life press
hope to see all my scrap friends soon !
wordswordswordsso , the authors from then are justwordswordswordspun intendedwordswordswordsblack-balled into a whole group of racists ? isnwordswordswordst that stereotyping , and , well racist ? wordswordswords
mulattoes ? do they consider themselves white ? do white people consider them white ? are they a new race , only loyal to their own kind ?
preheat your oven to 350 degrees . place your 26 cloves of peeled garlic in a small baking dish . toss with 2 tablespoons olive oil and a sprinkle of salt and pepper and cover tightly with aluminum foil . roast for 45 minutes .
the other option is to not be so annoyed when people tell me something i already know as if iwordswordswordsm unaware or ignorant of the fact . therewordswordswordss a dozen more ways i can react other than get mad .
this is why i love blue skies . you end up with stunning pictures . .:d
on the wall . against
i am not always aware of what it is i need to know to advance my novel until someone presents it to me : what about that character ? why did you structure it that way ? why donwordswordswordst you try this way ? do you really need to say that ?
brookfield to merge hydro power assets into global renewable energy powerhouse @ www.canadianbusiness.com/article/44794wordswordswordsbrookfield-to-merge-hydro-power-assets-into-global-renewable-energy-powerhousewordswordswordspage1
poor tevye woke up feeling horribly sick yesterday morning , and spent the majority of the day either resting on the couch , or sleeping in his bed . he didnwordswordswordst even get up until 11am , and then by 2pm he was back in his bed , sawing logs . he didnwordswordswordst eat much of anything all day , claiming that he wasnwordswordswordst the least bit hungry .
so what you have to negotiate for is a royalty percentage that would be the equivalent of 10% of cover price .
high in the ethiopian mountains an ancient monastery watches over the sacred gish abbai spring . the waters bubbling out of the ground feed lake tana , then spill into a gorge to become the blue nile . in the sudanese capital khartoum it meets the white nile , which gushes northwards out of lake victoria , and together they flow on through egypt to the mediterranean .
visit pure wow to find out how pure wow readers can receive a $100 credit to use towards the excursionist.comwordswordswordss services .
he contributed two stories to the cthulhu mythos : wordswordswordsthe fire vampireswordswordswords (1933) and wordswordswordsthe tree-men of mwordswordswordsbwawordswordswords (1933) . wandrei and august derleth later co-founded the publishing house arkham house to keep lovecraftwordswordswordss legacy alive , an action for which wandrei is perhaps better remembered than for his own fiction . much of the editorial work on lovecraftwordswordswordss selected letters series as published by arkham house in five volumes , was performed by wandrei .
regularly , in a room just at the top of the stairs from my bedroom - in
the secret of life is in opening up your heart
here is the rest of what i made , and the colors i used . the roll of seam binding that i bought was 100 yards , and each color i made was 4 yards . i made 23 colors , so that was 92 yards , give or take , not bad for an hour's work , huh ?
halloween parade
so -- yes , you can learn to spin with a second-hand wheel with only one bobbin . despite my love of tools , tools , tools , we can usually find basic substitutes around the house , or do the same task with a body part (the leg-niddy) or just a bit slower (hand-winding balls versus the ubiquitous royal ball winder) .
overall a great beer , and better than the dupont in this reviewer's opinion . and while i certainly recommend this beer , for a price accessible saison more as a session beer , try ommegang's hennepin , a great representation of what american brewers can achieve through patience and skill .
mrs rigby agrees with andrew m brown in the telegraph . she thinks mr blair looks old and , frankly , he also looks quite frail . she seriously recommends he slows down and very quickly realises money isn't the be-all and end-all . she thinks he needs to realise he's made enough to live a very comfortable retirement , and he'd probably be wise to spend his time in ireland , where he might not need to pay as much in tax , and where his humongous property empire might eventually generate less iht .
wordswordswordsnone of those names mentioned in the reports have been produced before the courts . there was so much and i would like to know if it has been read them yet,wordswordswords ong added .
along the left margin , my dyslexic sight
the people who signed the letter stressed it was a very important letter because they were not just people who did not like the cuts , they were economists .
if you should get lost along the way here is a list of the dt's blogs you should visit and thier fabulous projects well done team x
these early embryos will not be transplanted into a womanwordswordswordss womb because they will be deemed experimental material , but will either be frozen or allowed to perish .
hey presto ! the finished page , but nothing like it would have been if i'd followed all tam's instructions .
the many faces ofwordswordswords samuel leroy jackson
next up . . . toe nash ! looks like this is the all-justice-system pack . toe spent a year in the minors and was , for a while , highly praised and considered to be the next big thing . he was later arrested numerous times and is now a registered sex offender .
sports players
in the hindu tradition , there are other important organs pertaining of all the human bodies ; the chakras . the chakras are the keys for the human personality , and they act just as a gland , with precise function to process , and metabolize energy and keep it distributed through the entire system . each one of these centers detains a colorful vibration , one of the four elements , an astrological sign and the influence of one planet .
it's not that i've been sick . i haven't .
wordswordswordson the government side we have to administer and let our public servants administer the law as it is and not apply political criteria to it.wordswordswordsmulcair , to say the least , wasnwordswordswordst picking up what harper was putting down .
the development community needs to embrace the new challenge of uncovering the most effective ways in which to develop ip exports for maximum impact on poverty alleviation . the products exist and can be stimulated . the markets exist . the ip laws , although somewhat disadvantageous to developing countries , are available for enforcement in the developed markets . fair trade interventions offer the needed model for market access and delivery systems that ensure that revenues from ip exports do alleviate poverty .
it not only makes for vastly improved books . it produces vastly improved writers .
like many people during the referendum campaign when i am confronted by someone asking for my view on the great issue of the day i say , wordswordswordsitwordswordswordss pronounced sconewordswordswords and wander off in the opposite direction . however , it appears that this view is controversial with many campaigners arguing that i should not be in favour of wordswordswordssconewordswordswords but should prefer the pronunciation wordswordswordssconewordswordswords instead .
for me , i wish to create a reality of freedom , a reality filled with an abundance of love , of happiness , of balance and of peace . so , my challenge each day , is to accept and allow all things as they come and as they go . to be open to and express gratitude for all experiences . to be present and trusting .
there are a lot of books and even dvds on this subject and i own pretty much all of them . i agree with some , pull advice from others and disregard some . massad ayoob is one of my favorite authors on the subject , but you'll notice our four steps don't completely align with his . ayoob says you should tell the officer " you'll sign the complaint" , but most folks around here just want the perpetrator " arrested" . one book i read last year indicated that you should call your attorney first and have your attorney call 911 . if you do that and end up in front of a jury on a man-slaughter or murder charge , you better enjoy windows with bars . . . ' cause the jury will think you're the most callous jerk they've seen . . . imho .
favorite pattern : paisley
and of course , you could switch tips and make ivc and ivd , right ? no , that would just be ridiculous . . .
but miss hooters and rose
pours an opaque black with amber to ruby highlights . pours thinly , like a standard stout , and has a small light tan head that isn't too reminiscent of an imperial stout either . good deep , vinous smell though . that puts it closer to a porter to my tastes , but as long as it starts getting more substantial that's all i care about . roasted grain smell and alcohol are the most prominent smells aside from the tannins .
17 . the brain itself cannot feel pain . while the brain might be the pain center when you cut your finger or burn yourself , the brain itself does not have pain receptors and cannot feel pain .
greeks : socraties believed he had a daemon , who spoke wisdom to him from afar .
the executive pack adds on wordswordswordsset your own pricewordswordswords , author copies significantly step up to 75 paperback and 25 hardback copies , a step up on the marketing materials and the press release outlets . we are now at $5999 bucks !
after they were clean and dry , i used masking tape to create a rectangle on the candle . nope , i didn't measure . . . .you can though :)
the main reason for reversal within ohim was a narowing redefinition of the class of article considered from " promotional items " (the indication of product for which the design was registered) to " metal rappers " (aka " tazos " or " pogs") in particular , with the consequence that the " design freedom " available was held to be narrow rather than broad and the threshold required to differ from the state of the art was therefore lower . the ecj upheld the board of appeal on this point (as it did on most of the legal issues in play in the appeal) , but nonetheless found the design similar enough to the prior art to lack individual character .
in southeast asia espionage activity started prior the japanese military attacks :
to a separate standard merely because of the color of his skin wordswordswords thatwordswordswordss
the sg didnwordswordswordst mention anything to mewordswordswords
my boyfriend pointed out that maybe i should have put things like
itwordswordswordss a question iwordswordswordsve been asked about 3,000 times since moving here a year ago . and itwordswordswordss something that i can easily answer . after all , they say that some moments in your life cause such intense joy , such immense pain , or such acute fear that you can always remember the precise moment in time when and where that event occurred . you can and do retell that slice of history with vivid detail , as itwordswordswordss often something that is shared with kindred spirits alike . in my adult life thus far , some of those tell-tale , hallmark , and/or clichwordswords events have included : 9/11 (2001 , womenwordswordswordss studies class in pennsylvania) , the moment i realized i wanted to travel for life (2004 , a bus ride in vietnam) , obamawordswordswordss presidential win (2008 , a drunken hostel in morocco) , and most recently , the passing of my father (2012 , a hawaiian coffee shop in hiroo) . last yearwordswordswordss tragedy in japan is no exception .
*caution : exercise great discretion when bartering with weapons and ammunition . it is entirely possible that those items could be used against you to take your supplies . these are items to be bartered only with someone you trust implicitly or as an absolute last resort .
2nd fl . central jury room
8 . adjournment
from fury from the deep , 1968 .
we threw my sister a surprise party on november 20 . a bunch of her friends and a lot of my family showed up to celebrate my little sis turning the big 3-0 . we had a ball and she seriously had no clue . that night , as i attempted to sneak off to put maeve to bed , i nursed her like usual . got her in her pjs and then as i was walking to her room , she preceded to vomit all over me . she starting giggling and was happy instantaneously after and slept with no problems . the next night again , vomit after dinner . so that following monday i took her to the pediatrician . i thought a stomach bug or strep throat . i never thought urinary tract infection , so when the ped mentioned something about the possibility of a catheter , i thought , " hmm , strange! " i talked to my sis , the ped who said " let them do the cath" , so when the ped said we needed to do it , i agreed . after about 6-8 minutes with me holding my poor girl's legs while she screamed and mo sat in her seat screaming " don't touch my sis . oh , poor maevie " the doc finally got the catheter in , to find almost no urine . luckily , she was able to get enough to run the test . i went home with a script and instructions which left me surprised . the doc recommended we take her to a get an ultrasound and a vcug to rule out any issues with her anatomy .
location : fort collins , co
this and that . . .
the group : my wonderful reader melanie , her fiancee bob and their very cute single friend scott , 25 .
we went to shirley's fabric store . i needed black embroidery floss . i was thrilled to finally find some there as i have been searching for it for quite a while now . i thought i wanted dmc , but shirleys had coats and clark , and since that name is so familiar to an old sewer like me , i bought a handful of skeins . hope they restock the black soon as this is all they had on their rack ! the store had been given major adjustments to the inside look . so much better than it used to be-kudos !
yeah , iwordswordswordsd much rather you pay for your debit card than me . itwordswordswordss not my fault you got sucked into sucking your bankwordswordswordss teet for every penny you spend . there are tons of creditors willing to let you spend their money instead , in the hope that you wonwordswordswordst pay it back at the end of the month . they are much nicer with their money than the banks !
your blog is public
recommendation : before you travel , consult your physician , cdc or travel clinic . let your medical provider know the type of activities you are planning including whether going to a remote region , participating in a strenuous activity (cycling , mountain climbing , swimming in fresh water , or diving , etc.)
plus i canwordswordswordst put into words the most wonderful feeling of driving on a clear , warm summerwordswordswordss night with the roof down , stars in the sky , and a warm breeze flowing around your face and body . i donwordswordswordst think driving gets any better than that .
wordswordswordsin recent weeks , dollo ado in southern ethiopia has been receiving a weekly average of 450 new somali refugees . more than 8,500 have been registered so far this year , pushing the refugee population in the areawordswordswordss five camps past the 150,000 mark,wordswordswords said a unhcr spokesman .
to all my much , much loved blog buddies out there , email me if you feel like it , and i want to say thank you , i love all of you , and if i am ever in your part of the world , or you mine , lets meet up and " do lunch " .
i had not slept in more than 72 hours , so when i arrived , battered and bruised , i slept for a couple of days .
and then suddenly they are passing you with an insufferably calm and steady step , while you are huffing along desperately ? it is pretty sad . it hasn't happened to me in a while , but still , it's the principle !
wordswordswordsyou must be really dedicated to still be working at 1:30.wordswordswords
vaporise barney my initial thought concerns that microphone and your arse !
now , back to this life thing . there are no band-aids for life . there are no miracle cures . seldom is it possible to kiss it better . and when it wears out , there is no such thing as buying a new pair , regardless of how much money one has . so what is a person to do with this new life that is strange and foreign and terrifying ? what does one do when everything they recognize and hold dear is suddenly one day gone and replaced by a series of colorful imposters ?
wordswordswordsbout limerick i wrote to regale ya .
he forgot moments like these that leave him beguiled .
and understand that greed , theft and corruption have become so commonplace in the government and regular workforce that it is hard to succeed without succumbing to these traits . so this is not a call for torches and pitchforks . that is not necessary , appealing as it may be to some . the whole thing can be reversed . the same people in power can be made to give back the wealth of our nation without bloodshed and hatred , and while continuing to reap huge rewards for their service to the public instead of the corporation . this perhaps , is the best reason to listen to walter burien wordswordswords the man with the golden solution .
and tomorrow . yesterday appeared
10.sleek blush in rose gold : this is pretty . oh so pretty ! this is pretty and shimmery and orgasm-dupeeee !
ron : i love to bet on thoroughbred horses . and , like my visits to the various aaa baseball diamonds around where i live , i like to go to different race tracks . a buddy of mine and i take a trip every year to see a different race track or two . so wewordswordswordsve been to canada and arizona and kentucky and six or eight other states . my wife likes the little tracks in arizonawordswordswordssonoita , especially .
2010s : the hunger games (film) : i like to pair at least one book with a film adaptation , and this is an obvious choice . iwordswordswordsve also found teaching a film at the end of the term is well-received and will often improve what can be a painful last week of little student participation . itwordswordswordss also a solid film that many probably already saw . the pairing of book with film allows for interesting discussions of the difference in mediums and the decisions made by directors/screenwriters/etc to omit or change parts from the book , and this can be very fruitful . honorable mention to julianna baggottwordswordswordss pure and bacigalupiwordswordswordss shipbreaker .
believe mewordswordswordsmost employees already know what to do with the own timewordswordswords
moreover , bergerwordswordswordss storyline was completely unnecessary . however , the comment that all patriarchal institutions have an effect on violence against women was not lost on me . berger experiences degrading name-calling and her authority is constantly challenged and questioned . she experiences horrendous workplace harrassment that ends in a vicious assault . she is hired to make changes to an archaic newspaper wordswordswords a sole woman in a sea of men who have never been bossed around by a woman wordswordswords and , essentially , fails . one woman cannot do it alone , even someone as strong and intelligent as erika berger . the kind of change that the millenium trilogy calls for , true gender equality and respect wordswordswords requires action and committment from all .
update : mr . levkoff has just informed me that he won gold in historical fiction category of the elit awards . for anyone who wishes to see the results , here is the link : elit awards 2011 (pdf)
so you have these governments whose actions are a function of their interests . you have the human rights council of the united nations wordswordswords excuse me , but if people donwordswordswordst think this is all about politics , just look at this body , which was chaired by libya and 80 percent of whose decisions are against us . everyonewordswordswordss talking differently about libya today , but this libya theywordswordswordsre all attacking now is the same libya that acted against us all the time .
three : you will be able to correct any mistakes you might make .
i said in my title that there was something nice that happened this week , actually there's two nice things
patek philippe nautilus moonphase 3712
upcycle ideas that are sure to be attention getters :
marty : " . ..but your kids are gonna love it . "
in any case , the show delivered , and it delivered good . i admit that it might not be everyonewordswordswordss cup of tea (my roommate wasnwordswordswordst sold.) but i can find very little to complain about . the story lines and scenes are awkward and unapologetic , and they actually talk about things 25 year old women talk about . as much as i love wordswordswordsnew girl,wordswordswords nothing about the show is realistic or all that relatable (besides the fact that perhaps a lot of us ladies understand her awkward lovabilitywordswordswords) so itwordswordswordss kind of nice to see a show where you arenwordswordswordst necessarily promised a happy ending , or at least the happy ending is as tenuous and uncertain as all of ours are .
i cannot describe how shocked i was to discover that we had connected a firearm to a serious crime , and not a soul , not even the big chief in charge of the local police station , where the firearm was supposed to have been kept in safe custody , or the detective who collected the firearm from our lab , could tell me where the exhibit firearm was .
this is all backstory . and it's backstory that kills this query letter . why would i want to spend any time at all , let alone a couple hours in the company of a man who is clearly so despondent and reclusive ? there's nothing here that catches my sympathy or my interest .
what does this make me , a journalist ? if i share news stories through social media and my blogs does this make me a journalist ?
level 7 : mp cost : 34 , duration : 102 seconds , damage : +14% , critical rate : +13% , minimum critical damage : +4% , attacks up to 1 enemy .
gen 2:15-17
lol this was a post i wrote a couple weeks ago , which i forgot to publish and just thought i had to share ! :)
may every dip of your paddle lead you towards a rediscovery of yourself , of your canoeing companions , of the wonders of nature , and of the unmatched physical and spiritual rapture made possible by the humble canoe - pierre elliott trudeau , foreword to path of the paddle by bill mason , 1980
as he was responsible for law and order in this city , he had to get to the bottom of it . who was at fault ? is the majority right ? what had enflamed the crowd ? he decided to employ the primitive lie detector ; scourging . this method is defined by the greek word , mastix . it was a jewish method ; thirteen stripes across the bare chest and thirteen on each shoulder . this defines the forty stripes save one as we read in 2 corinthians 11:24 .
i'll go back to my studying now . i hope you guys are having more fun than i am !
intriguingly , many of the songs on volta feature bjwordswordsrk talking about politics for the first time in her long career . on the militant sounding wordswordswordsdeclare independencewordswordswords she sings : wordswordswordsstart your own currency/make your own stamp/protect your language/declare independence . . . raise your flag.wordswordswords
when nothing works , objectors and opponents threaten to institute legal proceedings . the wordswordswordsi will sue youwordswordswords mentality is quite widespread . it seems to be the final answer to onewordswordswordss frustrations , grievances and selfish interests .
due to the supple as well as many taiga house the deal which use , this really lv book bag provides a beautiful rendition associated with planning .
why would that matter ? because more than half of the respondents to that same harris poll said their decision about choosing a physician would take into account whether or not a doctor uses e-communications .
when given the choice wordswordswords students pick the ipad every time .
sirius , in the constellation canis major (the greater dog) , looks extraordinarily bright in earthwordswordswordss sky because itwordswordswordss only 8.6 light-years away . many stars on the skywordswordswordss dome are intrinsically more luminous than sirius but appear fainter because they lie farther away .
you from getting blisters if you walk a lot since they donwordswordswordst get moist and rub against your feet . some places to get some nice travel clothes
cardi : kohl's
let them eat cake and let them stare ,
the book begins with a small playwordswordswordsmuch in the sparse , absurd style of something by beckett ; including actors such as wordswordswordsoccupantwordswordswords and wordswordswordsintruderwordswordswords , three card wordswordswordsplayerswordswordswords and most notably , the wordswordswordsradiowordswordswords . the latter mediates a setting-less foreground through which the other characters interact and also figures as a central character in itself . the rest of the lengthy work (almost 300 pages) is made up of prose blocks set off by headers like wordswordswordsradio:wordswordswords and wordswordswordstelevision:wordswordswords , long prose sections interspersed with verse fragments , epistolary passages with subtitles/lines of address such as wordswordswordsdear surveillance photo aged by speculationwordswordswords , and prose portions which are narrated as wordswordswordstransmissionswordswordswords and bracketed by lines that read wordswordswords . ..channel open . shutdown protocol unsuccessful . . . .wordswordswords there is also a section that consists of blank rectangles and numbered prose segments ; it is a wordswordswordsshot listwordswordswords and a series of wordswordswordsfilm stillswordswordswords . here a voice says , wordswordswordsattach the feed . we are aiming at a movie.wordswordswords
saturday afternoon we had my brother and parents over for leftovers . . . don't know what it is , but thanksgiving dinner always tastes better the next day . i think we have just enough turkey to make up a kettle of turkey noodle soup for the week ahead .
illustrator : lucy barnard
here is the recipe :
i have to confess to something today . . . where to stay , is the big question i try and avoid . . .
well , fellow sewers i have the super-duper sewing machine . yes , you heard right i begged , borrowed and borrowed some more for the topaz 30 .
the roman road ruin in the picture above was part of the eastern branch of the via maris through galilee .
i was thinking that i wish church could be like those fireworkswordswordswordswhere everyone from every different walk of life and culture is brought together under one banner and celebrates . i wish i could say that in the church the only banner we unite together under is jesus . and i wish we didnwordswordswordst have to wait so long for it to be a reality .
i am here to show you a new layout and to announce the winner of my christmas giveaway from last week :)
*if roles were reversed and a leftist was making this argument , youwordswordswordsd probably be called a wordswordswordshomophobewordswordswords at this point . how dare you make homosexuals pay for something they donwordswordswordst need !
this spot in the fortnight could be your's - yes that's right it's our guest dt spot that is one of the prizes on offer . . . the winner from this fortnight gets to join us in june for challenge #47 . . .
maddox is able to scoot himself to where he wants to go . that baby boy is in to everything! ! i'm in trouble ! he is such a happy , content , smiley boy , and his laugh is contagious ! he has his 2 bottom teeth and also now his 2 top teeth !
heat oil and butter in a shallow saute pan until sizzling . add cod fillets (tops down) and over medium high heat cook for 2 to 3 minutes . turn and continue to cook on other side about 2 to 3 minutes . if fish fillet does not easily release (sticks) to pan just continue to cook until it does not stick . cooked food releases easily .
place the potato mixture in a 13 x 9-inch baking dish coated with cooking spray . sprinkle potato mixture with remaining 2 ounces of cheese . cover with foil coated with cooking spray . bake at 350wordswords for 45 minutes . uncover and bake an additional 30 minutes or until lightly browned and potatoes are tender . let stand 15 minutes before serving .
when it comes to healthcare , i have pretty similar views , and appreciate all of the advances that can be made with our new technologies , but also find fascination in the seemingly simpler , but often more complex interactions between individuals , especially patients and doctors .
first to venus because it is most like the earth in weight and size and , except for the moon , comes closer to us than any other globe . scientists are convinced that the planet venus has an atmosphere , but it is composed almost entirely of carbon dioxide , with no detectable free oxygen . no evidence of water vapor has been observed , hence the surface of the planet must be largely desert , with no rivers , lakes or oceans .
workbook and textbook storage in my built-ins . we don't use them much , so i like to keep them out of my kiddos hands . you can also see a small glimpse of my (dreadfully sad) library . i have wonderful books , but my organization is embarrassing . year two will be much better , i promise .
ah , springtime in san francisco . a magical , enchanted time , to be sure , characterized by torrential downpours of rain and the occasional gust of hurricane-grade wind . today is no exception .
builder : michael rothstein construction
books of poetry , the lastest of which is chomp away (combo) .
- right of the bat , the game taunts you if you play on the easy difficulty . " can i play , daddy ? " is the easy difficulty selection .
irving berlin , the songwriter , lamented : wordswordswordsthe toughest thing about success is that youwordswordswordsve got to keep on being a success.wordswordswords wordswordswordssuccess is never final,wordswordswords as winston churchill observed .
meat glue is made up of the coagulant of the blood of pigs and cows . the scientific name for this compound is wordswordswordstransglutaminase.wordswordswords someone figured out that you could use this stuff to stick pieces of meat together , and you can sell that meat as something else . as an example , i saw a video showing a chef using meat glue on stew meat and then serving it up as filet mignon . and the usage is prevalent in restaurants .
and you wept for the leaves that
it spoke to me and i knew that it absolutely was the storage solution i had been waiting for , for the entire 10 years we have lived in our home . sure , it's a little on the pricey side for this gal , however , it hasn't been regretted one day since it came home with us .
2 tbs liquid egg whites (or 1 egg white)
how many minutes of individual attention will they get ? have they been getting ?
i talked to some brilliant scientists and thinkers , some mainstream greens , some truly tough-minded scientists . there was james lovelock , the man whose gaia hypothesis sees the world as a single , gigantic organism . there was jesse ausubel , director of the program for the human environment at rockefeller university in new york . there was chris rapley , director of the science museum and former head of the british antarctic survey . there was myles allen , head of the climate dynamics group at oxford . there was sir david king , once chief scientific adviser to the british government . there were many others .
blue waters of the warm mediterranean
i have told this message to over 20,000 people i have presented to in the past many years and it is always the same
lola : but he's so pretty .
the first wave , developed by scotland yard in the 1800s was the study of clues left by the criminal themselves , the second wave is the study of the crime itself . whereas the wordswordswordsthirdwordswordswords wave is the study of the criminal's psyche .
lukas went for it from the gun . i was at the start then made my way to the mile marker area . (start below , lukas at the mile after that , he was all alone)
it's not just america : here in britain , though to a lesser extent you'll find euphemisms in denial of excretory functions . especially where it concerns facilities for the ladies , they'll retire to the " powder-room " (powder-rooms , historically , supplied bags of gunpowder for loading cannons) . . . . no , well powder-room's a bit archaic , most likely to be found in old hotels which are firmly stuck in the nineteen-fifties . women still do say " i'm just going to powder my nose . " men might say " " i'm just going to see a man about a dog" . . . .
man : it couldnwordswordswordst be moved by just a breeze ?
the android campwordswordswordss fragmentation did mean that apple registered the highest sales of any single smartphone maker .
have to have pay day loans wordswordswords here i will discuss things to know
a spa is the perfect place to spend time with your girls , reminisce on things youwordswordswordsve done and talk about all the new things you want to do in your lives . small hen party games and quizzes would be a fun way to interact with the girls . and why not drink some wine and indulge in some strawberries , no spa day is truly complete without them . plus , your hen party only comes around once ; we would love to really spoil you .
in her hands i still gladly fall .
you bullocks , crowned with garlands , stand at the full trough ,
we're so thankful they did .
we had to set off really early in the morning . we got a big bus that had a lot of hibs supporters on it .
wordswordswordsyou can call me liam , agent green . no need to be so formal . we are going to be working with each other after all,wordswordswords he watches her as they walk .
easter was a beautiful day here in nc . my parents came into town to help us celebrate not only easter but spring break . the kids had their fill of prayers , candy and family time . bill called home to hear of the mornings activities and we went to the beach . we enjoyed being a family minus one . . . this is when i realized just how fortunate i was . . . my minus one will be coming home . i said a special prayer for those who are doing this holiday without a loved one , be it a military member , a parent , a child or a grandparent . my thoughts were of you on this day .
he could not be here at the end :
i love juliewordswordswordss writing style.itwordswordswordss so wordswordswordsslightly and she write like a teenager.really.when i read wordswordswordsruby bluewordswordswords,i thought that julie itwordswordswordss a teenagerwordswordswordslove that !
the story is mostly set on the wentworth estate which we rarely leave meaning the story is character driven with a lot of spoken dialogue which i always enjoy providing itwordswordswordss done well (and henry james does it well) the characters are developed thoroughly and drive the story along . there is
wordswordswordsinner city hoodlumwordswordswords
on sunday , god showed me something . i donwordswordswordst believe my role in life is in the pastoral role . rather , i believe that god is calling me into the youth ministry . more specifically , i believe he is wanting me to help struggling teenagers .
mark lowenstein is managing director of consulting firm mobile ecosystem . the author of three local running books (www.greatruns.net) , including " great runs in brookline and vicinity, " he is an avid recreational runner and outdoor enthusiast . he has run thousands of miles across dozens of communities in massachusetts and other cities over the past 25 years . these books are terrific holiday gift items , though admittedly , december is not peak running season !
mesdan arches an eyebrow quizzically as he reads her latest message . wordswordswordsi wasnwordswordswordst even here for that , eliss . youwordswordswordsre being too impulsive-wordswordswords
michael kors has a beautiful one that you can find on saks :
osorto argues that the parties were in the middle of discovery at the time the order granting summary judgment was entered . specifically , osorto contends that there were outstanding discovery responses as to the original note , mortgage and assignments of the subject note , and the mortgage . specifically , osorto argues that the court ordered deutsche bank to provide better responses to production of documents and , specifically , to provide the pooling and servicing agreement pinpoint cite . because a better response was ordered , osorto concludes that there was outstanding discovery when the motion for summary judgment was granted .
indicating the task :
winners not only get my new book , the big ass book of crafts 2 , they will get all of the colors of glitter blast sent right to their front door . just a few simple rules to enter .
you kneel down to admire what is placed before you and place your finger just millimetres above my clit , hovering above it , so close i can feel the heat of your finger . you use your fingers to spread my lips apart and blow hard along the ridge of my clit . i squirm , you can see the moisture collecting in my folds , but i stay silent . itwordswordswordss my silence that makes you want to spank my arse , but you think this will give me pleasure so you resist . you rub your hard cock between the folds of my pussy , pressing against me , teasing me . you look down to see it covered in my sweet juices . you can hear me groan , knowing i am so turned on by you . i have gone to that place in my mind where i have surrendered to you completely .
see , i originally wanted a strawberry blonde lemonade , supposedly a gladstones favorite . michael made a face , and promptly suggested something better : the blackberry margarita . perfectly sweet , and perfectly alcoholic . now that was a drink !
so , i scrub my face with panoxyl . i use topical benzoyl peroxide and salicylic acid . i eat cookies . (not relevant.) i visit the dermatologist's office a couple of times a year , and primarily see the physician's assistant , mike . he's a nice guy , usually helpful , very smart , with dermis as smooth as glass . (grrrr.)
32 . poplord-poplord vs . the universe (fowl tone)
in the end , the protagonist finds love , and satisfies the thematic significance statement : a spiritual journey is challenging , but with passion , and dedication can transform and overcome hurt enough to love again .
oskar blues grill & brewery cherry russian imperial stout
tonight was such a night .
9.) what would you do if a stranger threw a spoon at you ? (this happened to me!)
it should come as no surprise that ballantyne loves pop music because his band along with producer , magoo have created eleven lush and gorgeous tracks that have been polished to within an inch of their lives . it would be a good experiment to hear this lot coming from an old , battered radio because this would and could not dampen the collectionwordswordswordss overall feelings of rosy optimism . on time to let go the tracks are out of this world and swirl and straddle the lines between reality and another dimension whether it is space and the present or dreams and alertness . so all thatwordswordswordss left to say is tune in and experience some fine , light and airy pop because the whole experience can really only be likened to the wonder of watching a colourful bird in full flight .
little things really . but they aren't things i normally do all the time . i've been attempting to be nice to myself .
dogfish head world wide stout is the strongest beer i have ever drank in my entire life . at 18% abv this one will surely mess you up by the time you hit the halfway mark of drinking it . by the time i finished an entire bottle i found myself playing mario party 9 and cursing out shy guy like a sailor whenever he won a mini-game .
it must include a stocking (bort or made)
john 21.10
the subject of board report 11090 , entitled wordswordswordssra (secondary review area) 103wordswordswords , is secondary school boundaries within oakville . specifically , the report deals with the boundary review process for the new oakville high school currently under construction at 2820 westoak trails blvd .
reporter : is alex going to be the mother/wife or father/husband when she grows up ?
i know i have to let go . i have to raise the bar for my little dude , nudge him . but his anxieties and meltdowns are so painful to watch . i feel them along with him . he generally doesnwordswordswordst even want to talk about kindergarten ! i anticipate a shaky start , some bumps in the road but i have to believe we will get through it and he will succeed ; surpassing my expectations as he is known to do .
donwordswordswordst leave the ac running all day , use a programmable thermostat or individual unit timer to start cooling off the house about 45 minutes before you get home from work . this is cheaper and more efficient than leaving the air conditioner running all day , despite rumors to the contrary .
it stands to reason that the cheer and good will wears on you after a while , so what's the best way to cope ? have some eggnog ? no ; kill a few people ! it sure worked for billy caldwell , our protagonist/antagonist from 1984's silent night deadly night .
if you don't have a ph.d . in psychology and lots of time to spare , stay away from tyrants . if you have to deal with tyrants , remember this : even though they're desperately unhappy , they become arrogant and dogmatic through the exercise of their tyranny . you will rarely get a tyrant to see reason . they live in their own rabid empire . tyrants like and expect abuse . " plank on head " is the only language they understand . don't negotiate , don't accommodate , and don't try to please them . the more you try to do for them , the more it affirms their power of manipulation . it's sad to say , but you should never cut the suckers any slack . it's bound to backfire .
baldrick : " yes sir "

are you all enjoying the easter weekend ? so relaxed and finally have some time to blog !
met a porcupine once--but not as closely as the dog who came down the trail and thought that was one strange thing that ought to be barked at and closely inspected . helped the owner pull quills out of the poor dog's nose ; i have five of them in a dish on my mantelpiece in flagstaff .
nothing made a sound .
i was taking part in a private ' expert ' roundtable with a particular company and some other folks .
they are all so addicted to that little word wordswordswordschangewordswordswords arenwordswordswordst they , they flourish it at every juncture and scatter it liberally through any speech , but what do they mean by it ?
we all have movies tucked away that few other people remember or saw . these hidden gems tend to be some of our favorites despite whatever critical negativity they received or how poorly they did at the box office . often these are the movies that are rarely run on cable or network channels and if they are itwordswordswordss at 3am when only on the night you canwordswordswordst sleep do you end up re-familiarizing yourself with it . now just because i mention a movie as a hidden gem doesnwordswordswordst mean no one knew about it or it didnwordswordswordst have any popularity , it simply means itwordswordswordss kind of been forgotten about .
you know those times when you feel that life just couldnwordswordswordst possibly be any more perfect ? well in as i have recently learned , in italy that happens about once a week , and by some supernatural power it just keeps on getting better . thats not to say living in italy is perfect . but itwordswordswordss all the little extra details which can make you forget about the fact that your feet are numb from walking , your roommates are stealing your toilet paper and you can only understand about 10% of what anyone say to you . everything here is so beautiful and completely soaked in centuries of history and culture . so even when you feel like you canwordswordswordst take it anymore , or start to wonder why you made the crazy decision to come to this strange place , something amazing always manages to creep out from between the bricks and remind you why youwordswordswordsre here .
if you know anything about us , you should know this . we are huge wes anderson fans . i believe the first one i ever watched was the royal tenebaums and i have been in love with his films ever since . this one is a more recent installment compared to the rest that we own . the whole concept of this movie is very strange and weird in true anderson fashion . most of his films revolve around weird and unusual family situations that are completely outside of the normal family unit . in this one , their father dies and their mother has joined a convent . the three borthers (jason schwartzman , owen wilson and adrien brody) go on a journey to bond and to try to find their mother that left to become a nun and didnwordswordswordst attend their fatherwordswordswordss funeral . the movie is filled with strangeness that cannot be explained and is completely worth watching .
as you can tell i need some help with my photography . i was trying a different setting and angle , i think the way i was taking pictures before was probably better .
resolved , 5th . that a blank page in our minute book be inscribed to his memory , and that a copy of this preamble and resolution be furnished the family of brother ray , and a copy furnished the berrien county news , for publication and the valdosta times requested to copy .
so far i've committed to going three nights a week , which is good , because i am in such bad shape , i think anything more would kill me . seriously . plus , my doctor also says that doing 15 minutes three times a week is the perfect way for me to get started .
but the peruvian highlands are home to many other wonderful natural dyes as well .
revealing the natural vein of the wood .
oddly enough though , the subject that i heard about the most as a kid wordswordswords the actual subject of this post , isnwordswordswordst listed in that encyclopedia . and that is the subject of dreams . but no problem . all anyone has to do is look up wordswordswordsdreamwordswordswords on google , or wordswordswordsdreamwordswordswords on wikipedia , to see that the subject of dreams has not been neglected . oh no , not by a long shot . i even hear therewordswordswordss an iphone app in the works that allows you to program them in advance !
i love his blue blue eyes
eyesore out back and scoped out several boards that i thought would work . then dh
the cover and info on the next edition of doctor who magazine :
the magnolia-licious store has lot of things for your stamping needs but most of all a giant inventory of regular size magnolia rubber stamps and the home of the mini magnolia stamps . diana always has fast and friendly service ! !
this question goes out to gil , who recently announced his realization of " the new gil . "
i saw a preview of this movie when i went to the alamo drafthouse slaughter lane training day . i can't write a review of jiro's restaurant , but the psychological aspects of the documentary struck me as remarkable . there really won't be any spoilers , as there really isn't a traditional plot , per se .
my family toured fort clatsop right at the time we were studying it at home , which made the whole experience eight bazillion times more exciting . well , for me , at least . and for you , you know ! you get the official tour via pictures . you're welcome .
a peculiar effect is that the european union and associated countries usually seek to speak in unified statements delivered by the current eu chairmanship . that is supposed to increase the impact made , but in practice that single statement tends to be quite toothless and drowned out by the myriad of other voices present , while also erasing the natural diversity of the european countries . for good or ill , this gives even more scope for ngos to speak their opinions wordswordswords an opportunity to be used , or important things will remain unsaid .
it's no secret we are in the midst of a major heatwave here in dallas . temperatures today topped just over 110 degrees fahrenheit , with indexes in the high teens . to top things off , we've had one small rain event in the past two months . my home is conditioned at a frigid 82 degrees and i say frigid because it feels like a meat locker when i come in from the outside .
we have four generous sponsors for this challenge : whimsy stamps is offering their random winner 5 digis of their choice ; digi doodle shop's prize is a $10 gift voucher ; crop stop's prize is a $15 gift certificate ; and cuddly buddly's prize is a 5 pound gift certificate ! lots of chances to win a great random prize ! and , as always , we will be picking a top three who will win a blog badge and a chance to be a guest dt member in a future challenge .
kept forgetting each time .
there is a color we all know
5 rise of the butterfly (we are not the disco) (5:56)
grilled tuna steak ($22++)
lewis freeman , fordham university . the city as childrenwordswordswordss classroom : what children have to teach us about cities
this corroborates ezekielwordswordswordss summation , once again showing that these were wordswordswordsungodly personswordswordswords ; in other words , idolaters , not worshippers of the true god .
revelation 18
a collection that in the dreaming stages seemed like it couldn't miss is suddenly a stack of baggage . overstock . discontinued . clearance . it's heartbreaking , baffling , and exhausting .
882 . clif bar & cashews @ wingate hotel (greenville , nc) 8:38 a.m .
said chaa ephe/sorbonne paris
if i am sober from something , i am still focusing on the something . iwordswordswordsm looking at how many days itwordswordswordss been , then i am turning to that something and saying , wordswordswordsna-na-na-boo-boo , itwordswordswordss been 42 days since i listened to you!wordswordswords tell me , at what point do we stop counting ? at one point do we put the shot gun down and move on with our lives ?
some intrinsic aspects of brewing and beer culture remain valid in my idealistic perspective ; community , craft , artistry , commerce , good times , building positive relationships through healthy interaction . organic craft brewing to me is a natural extension of the best beer ideal . corporations consider best management practices ; organic craft beer is a best practice for living . it's sad that products need to be certified by the government as free of pesticides and other chemicals , but if that's what it takes to inform consumers it's probably worth the hassle and expense .
in 1860 , before the start of the civil war , mary e . carroll and her husband william washington knight were living in the vicinity of beaver dam creek near the present site of ray city , ga . william owned a farm there , situated next to the farm of his uncle , john knight . williamwordswordswordss real estate was valued at $1100 , and he had a personal estate of $700 . william and mary were raising their young children , mary v . knight (4) , margaret a . knight(2) and walter h . knight (6 months) .
wordswordswordsthere was a huge amount of debris that we were just covered in . there were chunks the size of golfballs that came back and hit you.wordswordswords
i am entering this into the following challenges :
13 . go rollerskating or ice skating : i went ice skating with mike , elle and bryan a few months back and it was so much fun !
oh , and we watched us some basketball , because our fifth-ranked lady terps needed us to make sure they got through the weekend with their perfect record in tact . fine , sophomore forward alyssa thomas helped , too , with her 24 points in friday's heart-stopping comeback against georgia tech and her buzzer-beater that put sunday's road game against carolina into overtime , but we know that our passionate devotion helped carry the mighty women of maryland to 16-0 . 16-0! ! !
wild turkey russell's reserve 101 , 10 years old , 50.5% abv .
this planet was , and still will be for us humans .
in my experience , ants are master builders and hard workers . they power through the dull and even the most daunting of tasks . and emulating all of that is what it takes to get you through the unexpected life !
herewordswordswordss the scenario :
the gathering allegedly discussed a plot to turn malaysia into a christian country and install a christian prime minister .
much to the embarrassment of the buchanan administration , severe weather and the nauvoo legion's scorched earth tactics initially stymied the federal troops . after a hard winter spent at the burnt out shell of fort bridger , the american force prepared to make another attempt to push through the wasatch mountains and down into salt lake . by this time , young was ready for peace , but he remained so distrustful that he ordered some 30,000 people to abandon salt lake and other northern settlements and make an unnecessary retreat southward .
wordswordswordsmillions . . then what ? wordswordswords
this is their wordswordswordsshop of possibilitieswordswordswords , part of febrikwordswordswordss residency . frances , the gallerywordswordswordss head of education , brought me down and introduced me to everyone , and showed me around the beautiful gallery space and back garden that leads onto the sceaux gardens estate .
today myself and dave were on plot p26 for a few hours again . we made a gate using some old trellis donated from my parents back garden . dave simply hammered the trellis onto two wooden stakes and the gate was done . itwordswordswordss a little narrow to fit perfectly between my gate posts so wewordswordswordsll have to add another piece of wood to it . i realised i forgot to bring hinges though so wewordswordswordsll just have to hang it next time we get down . iwordswordswordsm thinking i might paint it , give it a bit of personality . iwordswordswordsve been admiring many of the other plots on site and am amazed at the creativity iwordswordswordsve seen , especially when it comes to things like gates and fencing .
wordswordswordsabsolutely nothing has changed . the men have not changed , the state has not changed , and the realities of the women wordswordswords right where society wants them to be wordswordswords have also not changed,wordswordswords osori wrote in leadership . wordswordswordsand so the cycle continues , with women in and out of the homes and beds of men who can discard them as quickly as it takes to say talaq,wordswordswords she added , referring to the islamic term for divorce .
there would be no more sorrow
5 . crap water coolers , despite the heat .
why not skip your video email and have your speechwriters send out bullet emails to your digital attention-spanned twitterers to spam and harass those in touch with reality ?
and you can listen to the peter williams vs bart ehrman debate . that link contains a link to the audio of the debate as well as my snarky summary . itwordswordswordss very snarky .
ahhh , so much easier ! :)
today is one of those slow days - every blade of grass , leaf and living creature pointing towards a cold and long winter . winter is a time for taking things easy , reflection and for certain bodily organs to take a break . it is a special time in the bush - a change of colors , animals are more visible and concentrated . it is a time for lots of ' reading ' . . . . . . . . . books , yourself and all the signs of nature .
4 . to kill a mockingbird - harper lee
here is my not so sour white sourdough recipe .
judging your own beer is a tough thing to do ! i normally pick my own beer apart to a point where you'd think it was undrinkable , but this one . ..i just really love . there are not really any faults , and i personally have had a great time watching it age and change . it hasn't really mellowed , but the coffee character and spices have changed a bit over the last year , and i'll wax a few bottles and see how they are for a few years to come .
at least , that's what i think . you may completely disagree . thus far , i have yet to find anyone who is apathetic toward this beer . people either react like me with a " wow, " or they do like my wife and make a yuck face .
side note : okay , let me be honest herewordswordswordsdo i really wordswordswordsbakewordswordswords or wordswordswordscookwordswordswords my babywordswordswordss food ? no . i usually nuke it in the microwave for two-three minutes or until wordswordswordstenderwordswordswords and then puree . easy as piewordswordswordsor um , easy as baby food !
he doesnwordswordswordst even let hatred for his oppressors , in the final moments of his life on earth , cloud his vision of who he is and why he has come here .
a short and sweet post for me as i have a thick head !
calebwordswordswordss daughter aksah had been given some land , but if her field was to be as productive as possible , she needed a water source too . do you just ask god for the bare minimum or do you ask him for the best ? god doesnwordswordswordst want you to just wordswordswordsget bywordswordswords , he wants you to feel free to ask for the very best from him .
and here's where the wabac machine took me when i started reading this story . . . i belonged to a boy scout troop in my little hometown in east tennessee when i was growing up . there were two boy scout troops in kingston , one of them very large , popular , and fun . the other troop was ours . small , dull , and anything but fun to belong to .
eventually we found the track , completed 13 laps (1 mile for those of you playing along at home) and as a bonus i did some agility exercises on wordswordswordsthe ladder.wordswordswords around the track were about half of a dozen people working with a personal trainer on a variety of exercises . at another spot in the center of the track was a hefty gentleman wordswordswordsknocking the tar out ofwordswordswords a punching bag , periodically taking breaks to catch his breath between wordswordswordsrounds.wordswordswords
and stoop and build ' em up with worn-out tools :
alas , it didnwordswordswordst happen wordswordswords we never met our beastie husbands . life went on . raina went on to marry someone other than mca , and i went on to date an actual musician , and i discovered that my groupie experience was a lot different than pamela des barreswordswordswords , and iwordswordswordsm just not really cut out for that life . now i date a former musician , now accountant , and that suits me much better . but every time i hear paulwordswordswordss boutique wordswordswords still to this day one of my all time favorite albums -- i think about that carefree summer , the last summer i was young enough to have a crush and old enough to drive past what i thought was his house (and , um , be prosecuted as an adult) . and though i still think adrock is , like , still illinwordswordswords , i think it was more about shedding that nerdy bookishness and becoming a rock and roll butterfly , though that didnwordswordswordst happen , either . obviously .
parts 2 and 3 will consist of making chicken stock and then using the baked squash to make a curried butternut & acorn squash soup! ! for making the stock , in case you are not blessed with owning a fine meshed sieve , a clean dishtowel in a colander will work well for straining your chicken broth out (a great little trick that chris lloyd and i learned last year when hosting thanksgiving!) .
there's a lot to occupy your mind on two for the pot's shelves . but nothing so amuses me as an antique scale that the owner keeps in a cubby hole on the right side of the store . it's a curio , but also a working appliance . as a sign behind it alerts us , it is inspected every year by whatever city or state official inspect such things , and is therefore accepted as a legal manner to conduct mercantile transactions in the way of weighed teas , coffees and spices .
seek the truth babies . just keep going babies .
iwordswordswordsm trying to show how well-read i am ,
with a clownish tv host from nbc ?
in most gyms , mine being the exception , bacteria , fungi and viruses may flourish due to the environment of plenty of heat and humidity , plus the accrued germs that come from everybody that touches the equipment . my trainees certainly arenwordswordswordst exercising with excessive heat excessive heat that helps keep part of the problem in check .
it's very special to me for a couple of reasons . first , i happen to be lucky enough to have one of my stories published in it by the name of candlewick . i hope you enjoy it . also , the scribe of rashid by sharon cathcart , one of my cyber buddies is published in it , as well . the second reason , even more important than the first , is that it's a work of hope for cancer patients across the world . all of the proceeds go to the american cancer society .
expected ctc :
i have digressed quite a bit here ! todays article is about what harry potter can teach you about time management . so here are a few things that i have gleaned from the movie :
this weekend there was a super moon . i hope you were able to see it in your neck of the woods .
liber quintus :
but for now youwordswordswordsll have to survive on this simple drawing from my age of mythology series : bast and a sphinx . itwordswordswordss not specifically one of the best drawings in the series , buuutwordswordswords itwordswordswordss still mine , sowordswordswords bast was the protector of lower egypt and cats . cats were sacred in the egyptian mythology , so bast (or bastet) really had something to do . in age of mythology , she helps villagers and her sphinx , making it a criosphinx and a hierachosphinx . all really strong versus buildings . enjoy :
5 minutes on the elliptical (this one really raised my heart beat , but stamina wise , i think i could have done a little more) .
shigeruwordswordswordss senpai and also the chairman of goujoken , she gives shigeru the stapler at the start of the story ; she dreams of becoming a nurse and since she is the last member of the gojouken she made shigeru help her to spread the club before being disbanded as it was also an wordswordswordsillegalwordswordswords club being its advisorless and has only one member which is her . which quite surprised the school as shes a perfect student and is also school idol .
and the people recognize this fact.wordswordswords
she is dedicated to her work , admitting that the judy r clark production was just her , her two cats and a small studio space . wordswordswordswork really hardwordswordswords , was her advice for prospering within the fashion industry . her drive to succeed is underpinned by her faith in her own creativity , saying wordswordswordsbelieve in what you are doing is great , even if you seem to be the only one who agrees , still believe!wordswordswords she is an advocate for self belief , which seems to be what keeps her motivated and an aspiring entrepreneur .
update : 1/25/12 - progress on the guide has been held indefinitely . if you have questions on anything the guide doesn't cover , i might be able to answer you should i remember , so feel free to leave comments .
3) donwordswordswordst give them reason to worry . if your dog is a alone-at-home barker , one way to diminish barking is by conveying to them the idea that itwordswordswordss no big deal to be home alone , and that the home is a place of rest . you can help your dog understand this by not working them up when you come and go . donwordswordswordst say wordswordswordsok , honey , mommywordswordswordss going to leave now , but you just stay home and be a good boy!wordswordswords nonchalantly pick up your keys and go without a word to your pup . when you come home , practice no touch , no talk , no eye contact to help your dog understand that itwordswordswordss no big deal when you come home either (i realize that this takes a lot of self discipline , but it is worth it to your pet!) . feel free to love and cuddle your dog like crazy when they are being calm . your goal as pack leader and authority figure is to promote calmness in your canine (this is what pack leaders do in the wild) .
arizona 28-feb 29 29 0 0 0
15 . taken many pictures to document most of this =)
paul now addresses the theme of the parousia , or coming , of jesus . there had evidently been some teaching or revelation concerning this event that left the thessalonians unsettled . it may even be that an imposter wrote a false letter pretending to be paul himself (v.2) . the word that was being circulated apparently gave the impression that the day of the lord was a past event , an idea that paul corrects by explaining that two events must , by necessity , come first .
but i wonwordswordswordst . guess you need to hope the world stays intact until thenwordswordswords .

to step out of the hurricane that is the childhood industrial complex is to leave me to my own devices when it comes to evaluation , and that is a position that makes me feel highly vulnerable and exposed . one needs a combination of self-confidence and blissful ignorance not to go completely crazy from the subsequent navel gazing . unfortunately , that combination is hard to maintain in the face of the constant barrage of experts and products trying to sell me ways to fix any number of possible child-related problems . our culture pushes parents hard and from many different angles .
my devotion to your house , o god , burns in me like a fire ! amen !
no one asked tejada to take the place of one of the most popular players in mets history . no one made the early report mandatory . is it really going to kill the team if tejada , who is supposed to report saturday , misses a few days ? i can tell you , they are pretty much conditioning and doing exercises . he plays a grueling 162-game sport . trust me , hewordswordswordss in shape . (well , he should bewordswordswordshewordswordswordss never had a problem with that before) .
keep on , 2010 .
andrew dewaard , university of british columbia . mise-en-synergy and soundscapes
here are three suggestions for what rose and google can do to make google+ more engaging .
23and the light of a candle shall shine no more at all in thee ; and the voice of the bridegroom and of the bride shall be heard no more at all in thee : for thy merchants were the great men of the earth ; for by thy sorceries were all nations deceived .
312 archway road
proves that the smoke alarm is working and that a good thing too .
what makes a green smoothie green ? a leafy veggie wordswordswords like kale or spinach . having a green smoothie as a snack or start to your day means stepping off with a ton of natural sugar for energy (from fruit) , vitamins and minerals your body needs (from fruits and veggies) , a bunch of antioxidants (again from the f & v) , and a good shot of fiber to keep you regular . if you opt to include a scoop of greek yogurt youwordswordswordsre also getting some active cultures , and thatwordswordswordss going to keep you on the regular as well .
wow embossing powders opaque bright white
emergency radio : make sure this is obviously battery operated ! it'll come in handy when the electricity decides to go out .
smiles , tears , of all my life ; and , if god choose ,
it would take to get to camp .
i have tracked down a number of them , and i am super psyched to get them all on this blog , but i don't have the energy for that right now . instead , i will use this post to present an album taking only one listen to earn a place in my superfantastic list (this list has in no way existed or will , but it is still f-dang real) , and has inspired me to seek out as much of sean mccann's work as time and luck will allow .
okay sorry , i know , i can't let the febreze in the vagina go .
valor . yes , ma'am , it was .
these demographic changes , together with economic pressure from growing public and personal debt , and increasing pressure for a change in the law to allow euthanasia , produce a toxic cocktail indeed .
wordswordswordsdo you know what this is ? wordswordswords
wordswordswords to the courts of the member state in which the trade mark is registered
crude , rude , vulgar without crossing into true pg-13 territory , that was the only reason people figured this chicken eating promo junkie was in this high profile match . they compared it to santino marella being in the elimination chamber from the start : sure , the kid had talent , but he wasnwordswordswordst supposed to have the top title . that would be weird . instead they saw it as such : standard back and forth , champion gets upper hand , challenger has brief comeback , champion gets upper hand , challenger has motivated and lengthy comeback and finally the champion hits his snooze worthy finisher and delivers a big f.u . to the fans that expected something outside of the routine . that was the fate of mr . chicken promo . that was that fate of chicken breast-es-ss .
rising interest rates , which depress bond prices , are therefore essentially equivalent to inflation . to this way of looking at it , when the fed raises rates , it is simply channeling inflation into debasing bond prices rather than money .
and the day before i left he asked me to stay and told me he loved me . it was too late .
i heard them talking and things seemed to be going well , and i started to relax a bit ; and i started trying to be more positive , and i might have went to greet them but i woke up .
when therefore , then , he has abundantly comforted them with the words of consolation , and with respect to those things at which they would be likely to be cast down , persuading them in turn to rejoice , he again incites them by his injunctions to diligence to a confident courage ; persuading them to change their minds and rather to rejoice at those things at which they had not without reason been dismayed , and charges them to display the utmost zeal , and put into practice an overflowing measure of brotherly love , and to benefit those as yet without faith , and to hasten by the words and deeds that make for righteousness to draw those who are astray to a willingness to be united to god by faith .
remove from oven and layer the biscuits on top . sprinkle with a little seasoning and return to oven uncovered for 15-20 minutes or until the biscuits are browned .
i believe that this series shows how she has blossomed as a writer ! and i'm so glad that i didn't let the author shy me away from trying the series .
author : wikipedia : wordswordswordsrobert shirley richardson (1902 wordswordswords 1981) was an american astronomer , born in indiana . he also published science fiction using the pseudonym philip latham.wordswordswords
the irony here is that physician culture , through the focus on wordswordswordscompassionwordswordswords , has actually enabled this shift . patients , administrators and the government have noticed that docs actually will sacrifice the self in order to wordswordswordsdo the right thingwordswordswords for the patient . human nature being what it is , leads patients and administrators to become more aggressive and unreasonable . they see our compassion as weakness and take advantage . docs have rolled over and been asked to eat feces . we have opened our mouths and said wordswordswordsahhhwordswordswords .
or maybe mr . howell killed schwartz to end the blackmail resulting from pictures taken of him and grumby in a compromising encounter years before ?
inside the card : the white mat is 4 1/2 " x 6 1/2" , and the pink polka dot mat is 4 1/4 " x 6 1/4" . the chocolate bunny is 3 3/4" , and the happy easter sentiment is printed and then cut at 1 1/2" . the smaller white mat is 3 " x 3 3/4" . the smaller blue mat is 2 3/4 " x 3 1/2" , and the smaller yellow mat is 2 1/2 " x 3 1/4 " .
5t + 2.5t = 20
boo , i stabbed myself with the reamer :(
all hewordswordswordsd want you to do
i embossed the image with black and painted it
i have not winced nor cried aloud .
what you're going through
but iwordswordswordsve realized it can no longer be that way .
furniture into place .
some people need some kindness
the size is a little bit too small for me , but to show support is better than comfort . - malaysiakini
in the meantime
i am graduate student so i spend the remaining time reading , writing and prioritizing the tasks of a graduate student (big struggle) .
simple math
1 tbls white vinegar (or unseasoned rice vinegar if you have it)
4 . when inside is crusty and brown , remove from heat and fill with tomatoes . you could also , of course , fry some onions in the leftover margerine in the pan , or slice some avocado thinly and add in , or use as the basis for a blt or similar . but just plain old tomatoes in the crunchy , herby bread is also a classic .
that said , itwordswordswordss amazingly cool to have a book published and have people read it and love it . i hope lots more people find their way to tornado siren . without having it available as an e-book , that wouldnwordswordswordst be possible .
hello everyone ! after a long wait , i've finally come up with an idea i think may work .
next i unearth the truffle , that the collective noun is a wordswordswordsvenuewordswordswords of vultures . if only i had one such to be at for an appointed time . whisking me out of here , so that i might further dawdle in meandering my way to the destination . oh for a bannered headline limned into the diary template . but i am not consequential enough to merit a coloured tag all to myself . bereft of any meeting for my line manager to sign off on my behalf . for their name to give me body .
so maybe listening to glen keane talk didn't magically transform me into a better artist last thursday , but it transformed me into a better artist one week later . not bad !
the pleasure in revisiting aventine is that so little changes with the core services offered to authorswordswordswordsunlike so many other author solutions services who choose to chop and change prices and packages . that's actually the way it should be . be wary of author solutions services who continually changes their packages and services . it's a sure sign that the company got it wrong from the startwordswordswordsor bluntlywordswordswordsare hiding something and really haven't a clue what they are doing . the reason why aventine has no need to indulge in a re-jigging of their services is because the company got it right from the startwordswordswordsprovide a basic publishing package at an affordable price that produces a high quality print product with a very low print mark-up (10% over print cost) and a royalty rate (80% net) which actually favours the author for a change .
i didn't realize when i picked the date that i was going to 1) be hired at ltf as the coordinator (it was still up in the air) and 2) have a mandatory expo that day .
i can move move move any mountain
taken : 09/29/2010
jesus christ is the church !
how pretty is that ? it looks like a watercolor painting , which actually seems pretty appropriate given the amount of rain .
alex : we have several options available for customers to get their boarding passes during the check-in process . you can go paperless with our mobile boarding pass option , print your boarding pass from your personal computer , have it faxed to you or even print them at an airport kiosk . if you are within 24 hours of your departure time and are ready to print your boarding pass , select the online check-in link below .
which brings me to my funny story via a sweet kindergarten student in my class . he comes in and says , " ms . watts , today's beaver day right ? " ha ! i'd mentioned groundhog day the day before in calendar . ..he was confused . and being the evil teacher i am , i pretended like i didn't hear him just so i could giggle again when he said it the second time , this time even louder . ..to which i replied , " you mean groundhog day ? ! it's tomorrow . " so cute . had to share .
iwordswordswordsm astounded by people who have unquestionable faith , how bright it is for some of those people to see what others arenwordswordswordst able to see , and yet how very often it is so bright that it completely blinds them to anything else .
these are the kind of losers running this city , deciding your ratepaying destiny care of the selfish pricks that administer professional rugby .
then i got one of the new posters (i took the glossy kind , as i didnwordswordswordst need it autographed) , a magnet schedule (nice) , and a team roster (very handy) and made my way to the field .
another reason is that iwordswordswordsve often found myself in the position where i have vastly different experiences than the people iwordswordswordsm surrounded by and therefore , we have a hard time relating to each other .
power of human magnetic field
(i have no idea where to purchase it though , as the on-line store i bought it from is now closed.)
despite knowing next to nothing about selling cars , ang knew he had found his calling .
- 1/4 c . of sesame seeds
in this posting , i invite you see some of the things that have crossed my visual path in recent days and to reflect upon the words of various writers , photographers , and painters on the fascinating subject of " seeing . " if you suspend your natural desire to understand what has been photographed , and focus , instead , on the texture , lines , and hues of the compositions , i think you will be reminded that nature itself is our greatest artist .
robert ashton on p . 17 of " the english civil war : conservatism and revolution 1603-1649" . (2nd . ed . ; london : weidenfeld & nicolson , 1989
i used a crimper on some kraft scrap , then distress paint , and a punch on the tag pocket .
el 7 de junio de 1976 , bobby morirwordswordsa de un ataque al corazwordswordsn en chatham (massachussets) . al awordswordso siguiente , jack bradley (ex manager de hackett y amigo wordswordsntimo) preguntwordswords a gordon brooks , lwordswordsder de the clam shack serenaders , si podwordswordsa tocar un solo de corneta junto a la tumba de bobby , algo que desde entonces gordon repetirwordswordsa en el cementerio de chatham cada 7 de junio .
and in case you want hgtv to know how you feel
wordswordswordsin that case , mawordswordswordsam , iwordswordswordsd like to call mr . hafner and tell him iwordswordswordsm returning you to the white house.wordswordswords

from the hootoo archive . originally published july 3rd 2008 :
i need to start working on organizing my photos and place an order for prints soon .
they propose to change section 4 , article ii of the state constitution to read :
twist & shout
hughes was a yorkshireman , and the blood of the danes runs thick in the veins of yorkshire . especially in the north riding wordswordswords the closer one gets to whitby , the more natural blond hair in evidence , and the more obvious the danish place names .
p.s . in case you were wondering where iwordswordswordsve been for the past month , i had to relinquish all laptop and bandwidth rights to my master , who demanded that he wordswordswordsmust write his compswordswordswords and that he was wordswordswordsnot joking.wordswordswords we only went on two 4-wheeler rides during all of march . the weather was so beautiful , though , that i finally convinced him that he could just let me sit out on the porch by myself if he was going to sit inside and stare at the computer all day . so , i guess i found a new freedom in spite being snubbed for wordswordswordscomps.wordswordswords
we looked sadly at each other for a moment , and then he started to back out of the driveway .

mr . wesley cautioned a preacher going to ireland against snuff , unless by order of a physician , declaring that no people were in such blind bondage to the silly , nasty , dirty custom as were the irish . it is stated so far did irishmen carry their love of snuffing , that it was customary , when a wake was on , to put a plate full of snuff upon the dead man's , or woman's stomach , from which each guest was expected to take a pinch upon being introduced to the corpse .
when (and if) michael selsorwordswordswordss death sentence is carried out tuesday , oklahoma will only have enough supply of its lethal injection cocktail to execute one more inmate .
perpetually discontented , they donwordswordswordst like what is , and want something wordswordswords that they like better . a utopian world where no one will disagree with them , and where they will always be in charge and have the power to do what they want without interference or objection .
wordswordswordssovegna vos a temps de ma dolor.wordswordswords
" dad " is from the paper studio flocked alphabet stickers

i call this time of day at the barn " sonder's hour " as she seems to glow as the afternoon sun starts its daily decent . this is quite striking in color , but i find it stunning , more personal in b&w .
wordswordswords statistics from the mcmaster university capacity study and restore cootes
in this first event in the london velodrome the track is already proving to be one of the fastest ever . victoria pendleton and jess varnish set a new world best of 32.754 seconds as they beat kaarle mcculloch and anna meares of australia in the team sprint . courtesy of bbc :womenwordswordswordss sprint team claim wr
3) then use the sketch posted above and make your own project and post it on sketches4all . don't forget to put in the hidden word you found from our blogs when you post your project on the site . more information about the sketch is at the site .
- wordswordswordsi just finished my new paper . complete baloney from the first to the last page of course - we all know that free markets donwordswordswordst work - but who cares , itwordswordswordss what the paymasters want to hear.wordswordswords
their linky rules are as follows :
mandrake and wondergoo
wordswordswordswhatwordswordswordss on your agenda today ? wordswordswords he asked me .
this scenario not only reflects the sort of desperation mendoza had on his mind but also of our justice system . is our judicial system that bad that no one would dare believe in due process ? being a policeman should have made mendoza believe more in the system but what the hell happened ? all those years being in the service proved nothing . he should have filed a petition or a complaint , waited and even waited some more for a decision like a model citizen should have done .
honeydew gets quite peppy in the fall , running , sniffing , she has lots of energy after being sluggish from the summer heat . she can walk for hours going in one direction . if we turn around to retrace our steps , she becomes quite obstinate , passive aggressive even ! can you imagine pushing , prodding , carrying a basset that weighs 64 pounds when she decides she does not want to move ?
' talked, ' i answered , through a rather nice home-made scone covered in raspberry jam .
it is not enjoyed by more aristocratic brasilians!)
not surprisingly , these schools were named for white leaders who had a played a large role in the city kansas news station television of growth owing to the south includes the city kansas news station television in kansas its unique charm , particularly a wedding in the city kansas news station television but may get uncomfortable in the city kansas news station television for rent in kansas that make for great camping and fishing opportunities .
what : press conference to discuss manhole explosions and improved coordination by con edison
where we choose , wander where we choose . ..as long as the " alternative
wordswordswordsjah , therewordswordswordss thatwordswordswordseven though both mamms know better.wordswordswords emmawordswordswordss expression sobered as she glanced at the women filing into the barn . wordswordswordsya donwordswordswordst think somethinwordswordswords . . . dangerous or nasty happened to her , do ya ? wordswordswords
calamari with sweet chilli mango sauce and timbale of avocado and crayfish
sec2s - wear your swimming costume inside your full uniform . (change to pe + school skirt after swimming)
ilusiwordswordsn que viviendo latente
roscosmos , the russian space agency , announced this past weekend that it is planning to send a manned mission to the moon by 2030 , reports ria novosti . the space agency said that it will start off resuming its lunar activities by 2015 by using an unmanned space ship . roscosmos head vladimir popovkin voiced back in january that the agency desired to set up a manned moon research base with european and u.s . partners . popovkin said that there were plans to either set up a moon base , or to launch an orbital station around the moon .
tonight , as steve prepared dinner , i got out one of my vintage table cloths to set the table .
eventually , drained of memories , my old lady rose and shuffled towards the exit , giving me that special venetian upside-down wave by which the hand becomes a castanet . i waved her goodbye .
oregano , basil , salt and pepper
just another fool who threw away millions of dollars . no sympathy here .
assorted buttons & cardboard heart
cucapwordswords brewing company chupacabras pale ale
the original heroine is based on the woman who rented an apartment in the 17e arrondisment to my sister and parents . i changed many things , but she is the basic model .

here she is saying goodbye .
love came down at christmas
time : 3 days
another blog ? (and what's with the ice-cream metaphors ? )
they started fighting , with the boyfriend grabbing bottieri and bottieri ripping off the boyfriendwordswordswordss shirt . bottieri called 911 and the boyfriend left , though he was found nearby .
we went to another church , where there was a window depicting a saint whose name i've forgotten , but who was rather petulantly showing us a graze on his knee . marina recognised him , apparently he was rather badly wounded but his dog licked his injuries which miraculously healed at once . presumably , the sore knee was the final hurt that the dog hadn't licked yet , but the flirty yet indignant display of knee was highly entertaining .
2:07 pm : welcome to oregon
we filled out some more papers and talked to the psychologist about the emotional toll ivf can have on us personally as well as a couple . overall the dude and i have talked in length about most things she brought up and are feeling confident in each other and the program .

founded in 1865 by georges favre-jacot in the swiss jura mountains . the name zenith comes from he word that designates the highest point in the universe , zenith . with rapid success , the company already had over one thousand employees by 1875 , producing pocket watches , pendulum clocks and counter instruments for the navy .
4 . bake for 30-35 minutes or until the puffs are golden brown . allow to cool completely before filling them .
edit : the night is never over till abaa has been played . take a chance on me and youwordswordswordsll see iwordswordswordsm right .
whilst the critical jury , even on those occasions when it cares to assemble in the first place , seems still to be out on graunwordswordswordss compositions wordswordswords charles burney was an early detractor , accusing graun of old-fashioned writing and a lack of originality wordswordswords we can certainly say that they offer , from our musico-historical perspective , a number of wordswordswordsforward-lookingwordswordswords aspects . da capo arias are often replaced with two-section cavatinas wordswordswords in montezuma and a number of other cases , it seems , expressly at frederickwordswordswordss command . moreover , ensembles prove sometimes to further the action in a fashion that might tempt us to think of mozart . christoph henzel implicitly counsels against such an interpretation , when he points out that wordswordswordsthe aim was to find a structure wordswordswords one with short , concise scenes and as much lyrical music (and as little recitative) as possible wordswordswords that would stress the visual rather than the psychological impact of the drama for an audience with scant knowledge of italian language and literature.wordswordswords we might nevertheless , if so inclined , respond that motivation and influence may differ . gluck was certainly not the sole influence on mozartwordswordswordss operatic developments , and algarottiwordswordswordss influential essay specifically cited montezuma as a model work in which the requirements of singers were subordinated to a properly coherent poetic idea .
but , the question is raised : how do these great humanitarian powers that be treat their own people ? well , as with previous demonstrations as is now with the present and growing demonstrations , one needs to only watch the video of what happens when the american serfs , be they of the left or the right or just trodden down people with no homes , jobs , or hope , rise up and question the masonic authorities over them .
what in the blogosphere did i get myself into ?
the affidavit referred to the financial effect poaching had on the game industry , requiring the employment of guards and extra security measures .
i guess i need to go . .i have a dr appt this afternoon . going to be addressing some areas of concerns that i am just not sure how we will handle . so pray that it goes smooth and when i leave i feel a sense of calm about what needs to be done . .or not done . calm is a good thing , huh ?
i am told that whomever wrote that whole article never even came to cleveland to check it out . so here is my letter back to forbes .
black ink by making memories
i sprayed it and flew through topanga canyon onto malibu and landed on the wet sand next to the pacific . a campfire on the beach burned sandal wood and vetiver .
the mkras and its attendant key performance indicators (kpis) are about identifying priorities and setting targets for individual ministers and their respective ministries .
people say that smoking is bad for you ? yeah , i know it is . so is unprotected sex , over eating , lack of exercise and being overweight ! they say that smoking takes years off your life ? maybe it will take the last five off then ? when iwordswordswordsve lost me mind and forgotten me words ? when iwordswordswordsm getting somebody to wipe me arse and feed me french fries through me chattering gums !
i am afraid of much more than i had ever previously thought .
you could also dissolve another fertilizer into the water , just remember to read the packaging carefully for frequency and ratios so as not to over fertilize your plants .
crash teaches the wild , undisciplined nuke al about the skills of baseball from pitchig technique to the pointless banter of sports interviews all while competing for anniewordswordswordss affection . none of them are quite ready for the next step lie is going to bring . nuke is too immature to handle the big league . crash is frustrated by jealousy over the opportunity he never got , but nuke is not taking seriously . annie does not want to grow up ad have a real , romantic relationship . therein lies the tension .
additionally , the effects of continuing to smoke are particularly potent for diabetics , with a dramatic increase in mortality rates being an inevitable outcome .
a hand to help the vessel but not to help the body . it carries nothing but what it has always carried . there is no passenger , not within this body and so it maintains its path .
a quick look at the list of uk motorways (http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_motorways_in_the_united_kingdom) does not disclose the existence of the m28 (although who knows what the future may bring given cameron's eighteenth century enthusiasm for private sector roadbuilding!)
maybe this subtle flavour difference of the forgotten realms it just my imagination , but i'm wondering how important interaction with named personalities is to my and other peoples expectation of fun . anyhow , if you are having fun , you are doing it right . right ?
if you want any further clarification feel free to contact us
i decided to keep up with the other series from the same magazine before tackling this series . anyway , given that i posted an entry for another series , i decided to keep up with this one .
but the pilot got clearance to land at the airport sometime between the first announcements and when we landed on the runway . the flight attendant came on when the plane landed advising that it was still not safe for passengers to get up so we were to remain seated . when the plane pulled up to the departure gate , the flight attendant then came over the intercom and breathed a sigh of relief and then she said , wordswordswordswe made it!!wordswordswords everyone on the plane clapped . i did as well and thanked god for his grace . as i got off of the plane , i looked ahead . i waited until i was almost the last person to get off of the plane because i wanted to thank the pilot . the flight attendant was there , but not him . i looked and the cockpit door was open . i could see him in there , but i wasnwordswordswordst able to thank him .
level 11 : mp cost : 17 , attacks up to 4 enemies 3 times , damage : 212% , 6% chance to stun the enemy for 3 seconds .
i frowned , musing over his words . wordswordswordsare you proposing that the death of sestillius was not in fact an accident ? but something of a far more devious nature ? a woman who has murdered her husband must be justly punished by the gods.wordswordswords
she had a great passion for dogs and owned two labrador retrievers that she called her wordswordswordsbabieswordswordswords . she was a member of the sylva episcopal church and was a proud democrat .
striped shirt : zara , $25 (100% organic cotton!)
last week . it all started when my son was punched in the nuts by a kid at school . hewordswordswordss in grade 2 . apparently this thing was going on frequently with several other boys involved and no one knew about it , so when he finally spoke up , the teacher decided to have the principal come to the classroom for a wordswordswordschatwordswordswords with wordswordswordsall the boys.wordswordswords
metta world peacewordswordswordss absence will take a large factor in the result of the 2012 playoffs .
finally on the plane and this time it was much easier to sleep . i woke 2 or 3 times but had a nice sleep throughout the journey .
minister and epic freeloader sicelo shiceka has been named by the anc as the man who will draft a new free stuff charter to replace the freedom charter , citing his willingness to wordswordswordsfight oppression to the death even it means he must eat nothing but lobster thermidorwordswordswords . meanwhile , the poor have asked siceka whether he would like his head-basket lined with velvet or silk when he is finally guillotined .
level 17 : mp cost : 35 , damage : 258% , attacks up to 6 enemies 3 times , 17% chance to stun the enemy for 4 seconds .
religion has been extremely dangerous from day one . both cain and abel were religious . they both worshipped god but in different ways . cain brought his offering to god , the fruit of the ground , and was not accepted . abel brought his sacrifice , a lamb , thus shedding blood , and was accepted . this angered cain and in genesis 4:8 , wordswordswordscain rose up against abel his brother , and slew him.wordswordswords
dear gray old navy yoga pants ,
and other stories . . .
question & answer
we also don't know - yet - what happened to russ jeske , the long-time co-host of wtam's " golf show " on weekends alongside gary trivisonno .
*contact editor with a requested story idea for an anthology .
wordswordswordsif my personal safety is not guaranteed anymore , what more that of my family ?
wordswordswordswewordswordswordsll release it for the first time this semester on dec . 3,wordswordswords fischer said about the fall issue .
which song ? icarus
the holy spirit pleads ;
an insider who rose to the actorwordswordswords defense however told us , that nneoma , his wife is an introvert . wordswordswordsi can confirm to you that there is no problem between the couple . nneoma is not the outgoing typewordswordswords , our source squealed .
with this kind of money on the line , the big studios frown and actively discourage innovation . after all , innovation is risky , and when you develop a game that uses big time hollywood actors , has taken several years to code and develop - the last thing you want is for the game to sell too few copies .
37 . it is very hard to buy dresses .
so let me tell you about the positive things i've gained from online networking :
so use it
i figure the best thing is to play your an harmonica in the holy place , and if you do not spontaneously combust , or draw lightning bolts , then you may not be so much on the bad side of the good guys as some may think .
against jacobins , modern times , andwordswordswordshardwordswordswordssin .
when i punched the words ' paul smith cycling ' into youtube after strict instructions from my friend josh and i watched the above video , it sealed the deal . i sat smiling as i watched the screen (maybe in the same way my mum used to watch the screen back in the days when george clooney was on er) but less out of inappropriately lusty affection and more in line with my simplistic utterings of ' he's just so nice . . ' smith talks about his teenage love of racing bikes and the dreams he had of cycling professionally before a careless run-in with a car left him in hospital for three months . he ended up falling in with a local group of art , design and fashion students and after deciding that realistically he would never be good enough to race professionally found himself attracted to the world of design . his love of bikes has remained though and it shows in the video (from a couple of years ago when he collaborated with derby-based mercian cycles) as he smooths the leather of the brooks saddle and talks about how using larger nails to hammer the fabric onto the seat was " i suppose like saying you were part of a certain club or something . " an already existing love for something seems to be the only catalyst when it comes to collaborations which is plainly why paul smith as a brand has always maintained such a strong and interesting identity .
if we hadn't been being quiet for sleeping people , i probably would have had music on , but we were being quiet .
power points : 2
08.red over white
one such architect was albert pike , who in the 19th century , established a framework for bringing about the one world order .
i image this is a newcomer operation , i could be wrong , it's happened . but as i've often written about , i'm not the biggest fan of sprawling recontextualizations , especially when a newcomer stripes all that was , save the sign above the door which with its loss of context becomes interesting simply because of irony and disconnect .
wordswordswordswe work as a partnership with our authors.wordswordswords
that said , when i go back and think about how the film was edited , iwordswordswordsd be hard-pressed to say what i would add back in while keeping the violence level toned down wordswordswords not a lot of gore in the film as opposed to the book wordswordswords and the film at a reasonable length . visually , i thought the movie was spot on , too .
it is no secret i am not a huge jonas fan . the character has been trying to be another daniel rather than come into his own . aside from a running gag about his fondness for junk food , there has not been much offered up in the way of distinguishing his character . wordswordswordsshadow playwordswordswords comes close . we finally see some real emotion in jonas . he is conflicted over his status as a traitor even though he believes he did the moral ting . he also clearly has a strong bond with his old professor/mentor , enough of one he is willing to tell the man he is a hero rather than explain the tragedy that has most likely befallen his people by that point . it is very oving , and certainly more so because stockwell is playing kieran .
wordswordswordsno more people food . agreed ? wordswordswords
socially , spiritually and religion wise , the bleak nature of the landscape of one god-ism is especially marked in contrast to the richness and diversity of the rig vedic tradition . here , there is no one god that is imposed on anyone . instead we have an infinite being that is described by humans as being eternally existent , conscious , and blissful (sat , chit , ananda respectively) . we can speak of it as satchidananda . and the earth , especially the punya bhumi (sacred earth) is peopled by a plenitude of gods and goddesses who are manifestations of this infinite being . this is no angry or jealous god who threatens punishment , hell fire and damnation if he is not worshipped .
*brain explodes* this is me preventing serious problems .
overall winner
not only does this lovely expat know her martinis , but she has impeccable taste in bars . i can personally guarantee you that if forest likes it , it's gotta be good . the best part is that you can join her escapades ! every wednesday she has a cocktail evening , and monthly a big meetup ! looking to meet expats or people who enjoy good places ? now you have no more excuses to stay home ! here's where you can get info on her meetups : http://www.meetup.com/52martinis/
corbetewordswordsa and el banco are full of beautiful jack cravalls and thatwordswordss about it . just what you wanted to hear isnwordswordst it . not a biggie for the most part , since those interested in larger fish are going the distance . if youwordswordsre in the area give the high spots a shot and see what happens . for the most part i would say there are better places to spend your time and fuel dollar if fishing .
1270 d-iv/10/1997 . wordswordswordsspeaking freely about freedom of speech.wordswordswords a colloquy with thomas g . west , the university of dallas , irving , texas .
we come back , and see aj still in the ring , distraught over what happened , and here comes natalya .
the thing that is very clear in my memory is the whowordswordswordss who of those that gathered that night . many acid newbies as well as the generation that had been with me through 1990 , 1991 and 1992 . when you take acid you need people you could rely on the support whatever trip you happened to be on and i believe i was seen as that person by many of my peers .
squatters hop rising
berkaak , odd are (1993) erfaringer fra risikosonen . opplevelse og stilutvikling i rock (experiences from the risk zone) oslo : universitetsforlaget .
in 1900 , carnegie earned $23 million compared to the average working manwordswordswordss wage of $500 , and he lived in a 64-room mansion innew york that took two tons of coal to heat on a typical winterwordswordswordss day .
(1 corinthians 1:17) wordswordswordsfor christ sent me not to baptize , but to preach the gospel : not with wisdom of words , lest the cross of christ should be made of none effect.wordswordswords
i would have philip ardagh , just because iwordswordswordsd like to see how he and samuel clemens (another great humourist) get along .
transitioning to the gluten free lifestyle in 2008 was the perfect time to be gluten free . cookbooks and baking mixes and labeling were showing up everywhere and in abundance . i started to do research , buying mixes and cookbooks , and became interested in food like i never was in my bgf days . while i was rather obsessed in a less than healthy way about what i considered to be healthy food and eating , i never thought how much i would change simply because i took wheat/gluten out of my diet .
when introduced as head coach in may , coach lonergan committed to recruiting both locally and internationally for the colonials . yesterday morning , lonergan demonstrated what he meant when he announced two international players and a local star would be joining gw next season .
instead of dredging the muck out , the army corps of engineers is considering covering the contamination with a clay-based seal called aquablock .
if the rights police rang the bell tomorrow telling me they were taking away the ones that allowed me to speak my mind would it change my life dramatically ? no , not really . most of the time though by the time my mind has figured out what itwordswordswordss thinking the time has passed anyway wordswordswords i think what iwordswordswordsm saying more times than not is a not-yet matured thought . by the time itwordswordswordss good and ready , dressed for the party and to leave my head , the party is shut down already and everyone is tucked up in bed at home .
i have spent this week wondering when i would hear what happened wordswordswords despite not being that old i do a great impression of an expectant grandmother ! i was delighted today to hear that she did indeed have her home waterbirth and that hypnobirthing had been a great supportwordswordswords and here is the little cutie himself :
playlist specifically for my indoor endeavors .
the elevators , off in their own hallway , are an earlier version of panoramic elevators , except the view is inside the shaft while you wait outside the glass door for the elevatorwordswordswordss arrival . i close my eyes , hang on tight to momwordswordswordss hand and try not to think of freefalls .
1lb ground beef , browned (or turkey sausage)
probably tmi but when i first moved here i booked a bikini wax on the phone . she said " wordswordschantrwordswordse ? " i thought she said enchantwordswordse so i was like oui (thinking wow these beauty spa people are so nice in france) then walked out bald . . .
iranians tried to get rid of them wordswordswords but they were refused
you see i envision my life as a 50's sitcom , i wanna be june cleaver . i know , i'm probably making you guys want to vomit as i write this , but i really do . i would love to be able to wake up every morning happy as i can be! ! make up my bed and fix the hubby breakfast , and kiss him as he walks out the door!! ! ( i totally do that anyway) i would love to be caught up on laundry , and to be able to do the the grocery shopping during the day would be great , have a freshly vacuumed house , and dinner waiting on the hubby when he walks in the door , with a homemade dessert!!! ! yeah right , i know that's wishful thinking , but if i could be half of all of that it would be great!! ! !
91 . socialize
i hear from above o pennant of war your ironical call and demand ,
lawrence proudly told me as well that he eventually learned how to deal with such guests . lawrence said he knew when to grab a guestwordswordswordss hand and lock it in a firm hold before the touch progresses to his private parts . lawrence learned just as many other mds did . immunology again .
choose to live a life that matters !
i asserted my agreement -- i too am a big fan of the rosemary pine nut cookies that come on the side of the budino .
brooklyn residents have expressed a similar concern , and the elected officials are providing a voice for their constituents . please feel free to contact the offices of elected officials who signed onto this letter with any questions . thank you .
another valentine's day themed manicure ! it was originally planned to be all 5 nails with a masked splatter design , but it just didn't look right , so i decided to change it up a bit . i loved how the thumbnail turned out , so i kept that splatter pattern , and changed the other nails . i had an idea a while back to do heart shaped leopard spots for valentine's day , so i did that on the index finger , a varying thickness line-based heart for the middle finger , stitched hearts over glitter for the ring finger , and the way i draw hearts when i write them on paper . :)
after watching him build a fire tower and bathroom that adjoined it he wanted to go downstairs to exercise on my gazzelle . so after he did this we turned the tv on down there and he proceeded to build himself a fort to play in . i took advantage of his busy construction to do some constructing of my own .
i don't feel young - wye oak
max out your debt to buy the most expensive house that you can
video : obamawordswordswordss actions on israel worry democrats israel requested bigger bunker busters from us video : why does un rights council turns blind eye to terror ? israel abandoning har hazeitim (mount of olives) ? 20,000 women escaped the holocaust by working as maids in england
i did add some textured stamping and some color added with bottle caps for an additional layer of texture .
his portrayal of the tragic character saw him win the critics ' circle award for best shakespearean performance .
and i sat down and made sure i had everything in
- small amount of polyfil for stuffing acorns .
guess interesting people don't sell !
daniel hoover
oh live in god in him
okay , i wasn't going to be hosting anymore reading challenges (then again i wasn't going to be joining anymore either and that's not happening - lol) , but i broke down and started this one . i searched all over and didn't see one for this yet so i'm going to start it myself .
with great compassion you lift us up
feeling ok even though itwordswordswordss pretty busy with people in the bus station . i have slight anxiety sitting here because of the sheer amount of people walking along in front of me . i have some chocolate cookies and a large weak coffee with milk . iwordswordswordsm just chilling and taking my time as my sister told me to get to her apartment early evening . itwordswordswordss soon early evening so am going to get a move on and get the light railway train and a bus to my sisterwordswordswordss .
i created it in several layers
that with you , i wish to spend most of my days
i am hoping that my disorganised life will actually become organised once again . but i do feel that there will always be a little part of me that will allow the disorganised to creep back in . i will see how i go .
could you please start by presenting the members of the quip ?
daft punk is playing at my house
now that my friends is the way to go .
being a national trail , the path was well marked . when in doubt on a national trail , one need only follow the white acorn , which is always posted on signposts , stiles , kissing gates , and other places along the path .
i am super excited to announce my first exhibition ! !
and four months later , he was boasting again :
sometimes itwordswordswordss just so hard to articulate how much i love what i do , because a lot of the time , itwordswordswordss not the things that i actually do during the day that are exciting , but the idea of what iwordswordswordsll be doing down the road . itwordswordswordss not that i especially enjoy filling out travel requests or figuring out rental rates for hotel suites , but the idea that someday , iwordswordswordsll be going on those trips or sitting in those suites , finding and producing amazing stories . and hey , if iwordswordswordsm half as jazzed about my career as this person was the other day , life will be awesome !
for those of you who have been reading this for a while now , youwordswordswordsll have read my thoughts at various stages over the second half of my phd in classics . from start to submission last november it took just on 4.5 years , about average for a thesis in the humanities . it felt much longer than that i can assure you . well , the good news is that yesterday i got the letter i was waiting for saying that it had passed . a phd thesis is marked by two anonymous examiners and one of them had wanted revisions so this letter confirmed that the revisions had been accepted . the examination itself took about 9 months in all and for the last few weeks i had been checking the mail eagerly anticipating this letter .
small wonder , then , that american international (yes , aip - sam z . arkoff's stomping grounds) , found itself on the ropes with the sucker punch provided by meteor . it's not like sam hadn't dealt with flops before . . . but those weren't flops on this big of a scale .
april 27 , 2012
i had been worried about falling asleep during the class , as i had during the second day of c1 . iwordswordswordsd gotten up extra early to attend the beginning of our oriental medicine association annual meeting , then rushed over to betsywordswordswordss , and iwordswordswordsm usually wiped on saturdays anyway . i got through the day just fine , though , and in fact i felt more and more energized as the class went on . queen marie never showed up , but i saw myself in my queen-archetype guise , not as a beginning student , but as royalty from another country , as a master in my own right . this has happened before , and i donwordswordswordst understand it yet , but i like it . i confess that , despite my fairly low level of skill , i am beginning to see myself as a power , an entity much like michael and the other angels , saints , and avatars . maybe thatwordswordswordss just hubris , or maybe thatwordswordswordss the whole point . thatwordswordswordss exactly what we are .
the big turn in my spiritual search came summer of 1980 , when i by pure chance ended up at an open air meeting in a big tent at a campsite one warm and sunny summer evening . the bright summer evenings in northern woodlands of sweden can be magical ! in the evening i went on a little bike ride to town . i soon noticed that it was not an ordinary meeting , they prayed loudly and several sang or prayed like in a trance with arms stretched out in the air , speaking in tounges . at the end of the meeting the person who chaired the meeting asked if anyone wanted to come forward so pastors could pray for the person . and i stepped forward . soon i became more familiar with the religious life and i enjoyed my new friends . there and then i became a member of the local pentecostal church . i served voluntarily with a lot of things in the church during all the time . so , between the years 1980 to 1997 , i belonged to the church . it was a very outgoing congregation with a lot of young people and everything was so exciting for me , coming from a non-religious family . i was 18 years old , unexperienced in life , (a virgin or whatever you call a guy who never had done wordswordswordsthatwordswordswords) and a searcher for spirituality .
this horrific operation still exists today and all this suffering is for something so superficial ; fashion . china supplies the u.s . and europe with half of their fur products . the fur that comes from cats and dogs is deliberately mislabeled , it is up to us to be more aware of where our products come from .
coach your child to touch your arm and keep going " please , to listen to me this is important" . now you get irritated and say " can't you see iwordswordswordsm busy ! ? "
cast : alastair sim , jane wenham , brian worth , eileen moore , olga lindo , arthur young , bryan forbes , norman bird , charles saynor , olwen brookes , john welsh , frances gowens , barbara everest , george woodbridge
each day (before 4pm) we would explore the town or the area . touristy ? yes . but therewordswordswordss a reason for that .
but instead i draw closer through these times
you can even choose your own saying and custom design it as a wall cling using their awesome design tool ! you choice the saying , font , color , layout , and decorative elements . is that cool or what ? if i had my way , my entire office would be blanketed with sayings . they already kind of are ! my two favorites ? " be the change you wish to see in the world " and " live-laugh-love " .
in other words , brave new world doesnwordswordswordst have quite the literary consistency of 1984 or the handmaidwordswordswordss tale . but when reading a deceased authorwordswordswordss perception of the world in , well , about 2011 , itwordswordswordss hard not to get engrossed . there are several pages towards the end of the bookwordswordswordsthe aforementioned conversation between the controller and the savagewordswordswordsthat on their own make brave new world worth reading (and from which i will post some excerpts in coming days) . also , i imagine the book does itself more justice than did the 1998 tv-movie adaptation starring peter gallagher . whichwordswordswordsi may or may not have just added to my netflix queue .
it turned out that most respondents described a fairly equal distribution as the ideal wordswordswords something similar to the wealth distribution in a country like sweden . they estimated wordswordswords correctly wordswordswords that the u.s . has higher levels of wealth inequality . however , they nevertheless grossly underestimated the actual inequality , which is far higher still . especially the bottom two quintiles are almost non-existent in the actual distribution . there was much more consensus than disagreement across groups from different sides of the political spectrum about this . from the current policy debates one would not have expected that . they go on to ask the question :
per se , or if it interacts with the last link in the chain of events
wearing socks
i felt my legs shake watching the reflection turn from the demigod iwordswordswordsd become into a child , curly-haired , innocent and then remolded back into my earthly incarnation , the me writing my secrets into the final pages of this book . i was all of these things now . they were all a part of me now .
the new house would be a gut job . it needs everything , so it would be truly a clean slate .
a pat on the back , and a shelf full of awards i stuffed into a suitcase that
sowordswordswords now that her referral and meds have been sorted out , iwordswordswordsm feeling much happier . iwordswordswordsm going to alert pals as to whatwordswordswordss been going on though , the paediatric department has shown no empathy or desire to take ownership for d , she was wordswordswordsdischargedwordswordswords due to lack of resources and left in limbo , it shouldnwordswordswordst be happening . sn parents need to know that there is someone they can turn to with medical problems , resource issues or not . *gets down off soapbox* rant over .
" then why are you crying ?
edit - he just called me up the garden to help him save a baby blackbird who got stuck in his strawberry net so the nature loving boy is still there , oh and he resuscitated his gold fish the other day - never have i seen a fish be bought back to life - this kid has talent lol :-)
hope that you are doing well and thanks for reading !
in the focus that integrates lessons learned ,
jill here . . . .seems like fall is coming around the corner . our weather has been beautiful and much nicer to sew with all the windows open ! sometimes when i'm designing , brain freeze occurs and i just have to switch to a less creative mode . this weekend , baby quilts temporarily took over as there is somewhat of a time issue , they are happy and relatively small ! so i unearthed a couple from the unfinished pile and brought them close to finished . and the backings are the icing on the cake . . . ..chenille and minkie !
well hello there everybody ,
so after laying all cards down , the ceo asked him if hewordswordswordss up for the task wordswordswords to lead , to put his people before himself and to nurture them as professionals and individuals and in turn , magnify the organisationwordswordswordss success .
the habit of reading trends towards a habit of action . the hope is to have more actions of the variety i desire .
net added : 28 yards
and nature with a mightier presence fill .
they also have a 100% 30 day money back ' without asterick ' return policy- if you aren't happy with it for any reason , you can return it . no tricks or hidden rules .
and , this should not be news , the new york times does not respond to each of the thousands of letters-to-the-editor it gets every day .
hooray for life that comes with a mother's love !
it wakes me up and keeps me going throughout the day .
in my previous post , i mostly denounced the significant caucasian presence in prominent roles over asian-created projects , but i also complemented how hollywoodwordswordswordss creativity has inspired its own adaptations of said stories .
sweater : target
today , gene roddenberry turns in his grave ; the rest of america just turns over and hit the snooze button .
yes , the girl is bad news . she finds roommates , steals their money , then acts so awful that they move out . she has no qualms about getting an 11-year-old boy drunk or selling illegal chinese energy pills on the black market . shewordswordswordsll screw your fiance on your birthday cake to prove a point (which she actually does in the first 2min of the pilot) . oh and shewordswordswordss best friends with james van der beek . but despite of all thiswordswordswords chloe is kind of lovablewordswordswords or at the very least like-able enough to keep tuning in every week to see what next atrocious thing shewordswordswordsll do . shewordswordswordss a girl that takes no sass in a city that will eat you alive , and i kind of find myself rooting for her to find that nice person we all know she can bewordswordswords i mean come on chloe , who hurt you ? but you gotta hand it to her , she might be mean and her methods without remorse , but she doesnwordswordswordst take crap from people and that is somewhat admirable . plus , i think that deep , deep , deep down she has a heart , and that comes out slowly but surely with the people she has in her inner circle , and she is fiercely protective of those she loves . yes , she might have slept with her roommatewordswordswordss fiancee within the first week of her moving in , but it was just to prove that he was a cheater ! i mean thatwordswordswordss kind of sweet , right ? okay , no , maybe thatwordswordswordss just messed up , but for chloe , i think thatwordswordswordss a step in the right direction into the world of puppies , rainbows , unicorns , and kittenswordswordswords or at the very least a step into being a real person and not sociopathy personifiedwordswordswords baby steps people , baby steps . oh and did i mention that she is absolutely hilarious ?
i've been a little disorganized this week , seeing as it's the first week back to school for the kids , and we're all getting used to our new schedule . i was hoping to debut all of the great new weekly features i've been dreaming up all summer , but it looks like i might need to just start small !
i don't know why i saved it . honestly , i think it was to impress some girl . i've moved many times since i first drank that glorious bottle of golden anniversary and always displayed it with pride through college and then in my 20's as a conversation piece . now into my 30's it serves as a reminder of where i came from . it's a symbol of my birth into beer which has grown into a passion and obsession for the craft beer industry .
wordswordswordsin three words i can sum up everything i've learned about life : it goes on.wordswordswords
she is driven
draft 5 : holy crap , there's a typo on page 1 . i must do another 10 read-throughs .
in contrast , vague outlining (aka winging it) has its share of issues , though this method is much easier and utterly idiot proof but not necessarily better . creating a vague outline is a facile task because only a basic overview is required . you , the author , need to shape your characterswordswordswords personalities , create a very basic outline of the plot that has plenty of room for errors and thenwordswordswords youwordswordswordsre done ! if youwordswordswordsre like me and you are cursed with the ability to think up intriguing plot twists that you feel obliged to add midway through writing your novel then this method is perfect for you . since the outline is so unrestricted , even if you are knee-deep in the novel , it allows you to pursue this plot twist . however , with a vague outline , you are more prone to these whimsical ideas that could lead you astray from your plot and could potentially destroy the novel . trust me ; this has happened to me in the past . you need to resist the temptations . give in to only one new plot idea at most . or elsewordswordswords bye , bye book .
and so , i hear you ask . what next ?
but back to the socks .
how is it that designers truly believe that emaciated , doe eyed , mussed hair models are the best ways to advertise their products ? and by products , i mean their ridiculously over the top clothes , shoes , make-up , and accessories . all of the ads were exactly the same . every advertisement showcased a hungry-looking , he/she with too much make-up , ridiculous hair , ridiculous hair , and the same vacant look in every single picture which included big eyes looking off into space with " seductively " parted lips . missing from all these lovely pictures ? smiles . not one . not even an ironic smile . everyone looked mad or sad .
katie and i initially went along to the weekly toddler group which ran in a local church . it was quite a large group in a large space . i think we lasted 6 sessions before katie said to me that she didn't like it there . neither did i ! no-one ever really spoke to us after the first session . i tried initiating conversations with some of the other mothers there but no-one seemed particularly interested or friendly for that matter . the children mostly seemed to compete with each other for the toys . so we left . as fast as we could . and never went back .
graduated with my masters from asu
weight : 19 lbs 6 oz (0.28%)
going into the release , i quickly reread the first book (for the fourth time) so that i could more easily be pedantic and nitpicky about how they adapted the film , what they chose to play up or omit , and how well it worked as a representation of the overall feel and main themes of the book . most of the time this kind of thing leads to fannish and annoying pointing out of differences as if trying to show off what a smart , super-fan one is , but iwordswordswordsm going to try to stick to things that actually make a difference in overall tone .
you can cook a hotdog many ways . my mother steamed them . mike (and his mom) boils them . in a pinch , iwordswordswordsve microwaved them (not recommended) . the best way to cook a hotdog is on roller grill , the sort you see at gas stations and ball parks . blackening a wiener on a bbq is a close second .
his calculations shocked him since he had always assumed hewordswordswordsd be adequately covered if he ever had to give up his pracwordswordstice . suddenly , he was faced with the very real prospect that his family might need to modify their current lifestyle .
i write words- free ! (we used this on the ipod , but it works on both ipad and ipod)
hybrid theory and meteora defined my life for a good 3-4 yearswordswordswordsbefore ipods were cool . like , i listened to them non . stop . i would rock the walkman and over-sized headphones up and down the high school hallways blasting the albums whenever i could . the music meant that much to me . i even sat through a snoop dog set during a korn and lp show . if thatwordswordswordss not love , i donwordswordswordst know what is .
1/2 tspn saffaron
as for the alleged violation of sec . 16 of the same law , the same has no application in the proffered criminal action . the said section applies obviously to administrative infractions but never as a punitive measure for it does not provide a penalty of imprisonment or imposition of fines in case of violation . to be liable under it , it must be proven that the alleged illegal act was committed with deliberateness , which is difficult to prove . with respect to negligence and the like , the culprit should be found guilty first .
following the white housewordswordswordss comical staged hoax of seal team 6wordswordswordss gallant raid on long-dead osama bin laden , and with no evidence to show it actually happened other than president obamawordswordswordss tv speeches- we get the next public assassination . after all , obamawordswordswordss far-fetched tale of the bin-laden mission somehow vindicated all those innocent lives ruined by us incarceration and outright torture of thousands of young men since the war on terror officially began in 2001 .
and , a smile .
strip flesh from bone until only the abstract skeleton of death remains
okkervill river wordswordswords white shadow waltz (jagjaguwar)
byop&p- bring your own pillows and pills
my favorite style of mosaic is made with hand-cut tiles called pique assiette (loosely translated it means cracked china) . all types of glass or china used in mosaics is call " tesserae . " i cut antique or vintage dinnerware into tiles specifically made for mosaics . contrary to popular belief , the china is cut with special cutters or nippers not smashed with a hammer .
then there is the example of gideon . for this we turn to judges 6:36-37 . god had chosen this man to lead an army against the midianites . gideon had doubts and said :
wordswordswordsi await your reply . did it happen just when
9 . the great grandfather (mcdaniel) 2:47
by debbie & michael shoulders (authors) and gijsbert van frankenhuyzen (illustrator)
there isn't a day that goes by that i don't get a " wtf ? " reaction when i read the news . this isn't where i grew up . this isn't the country i knew as a kid . this isn't even the planet i grew up on .
5 . sports are . . . enjoyable to me . my husband and i always joke that our roles are a little reversed because i'm the one who turns on football and drags us to baseball games .
a charismatic church was brought before a judge on charges of illegally providing shelter for the homeless , as they were not zoned to do something like this . respectfully , the leader of the church said , wordswordswordsthank you for the information we will go back to our church and pray about it.wordswordswords when the leader went back to the judge and prosecutors his answer was , wordswordswordswe understand the issues you have with the legality of what wewordswordswordsre doing . we will stop sheltering the homeless . instead , we will have a worship service beginning at 7pm and after about an hour we will enter into a time of silent meditation until 10am.wordswordswords
but treasury officials informed the commission that most of the 49 employees had been convicted of traffic offences , such as negligent driving or failing to pay traffic fines , while " a small number " had convictions relating to fraud and corruption .
miller rk , bellinger d . metals . paul m (ed.) . occupational and environmental reproductive hazards : a guide for clinicians . philadelphia , pa : williams and wilkins , 1993 .
i asked them to come into another room with me , took a deep cleansing breath and calmly told them that i wanted to be near them , but that i needed to just be quiet and read by myself for a while . i told them that i was available to help them get food or overcome a problem with the tv or computer , but that otherwise i needed to recharge my batteries . then i apologized .
to the world ?
factoid learned : initially , i used my time with t . to try and glean legal advice as i was currently in the midst of a rough and tumble legal battle of the wits with the city government (well , thatwordswordswordss how i saw it , anyway) . this concerned a $190 ticket i had received for biking through a red light several months ago . while t . thought it was hilarious that i was such a biker , he also got into the act . he informed me of the following facts (listen up , all you potential criminals):*
two , i feel better . i donwordswordswordst feel like iwordswordswordsm missing the world or not wanting to be a part of it . iwordswordswordsm not singing the blues or channeling my inner goth . i donwordswordswordst feel so blaaaahhhh tee blah blaaaaahhhhhh . i feel somewhat good .
thank you so much for everything , for reading , and following and everything . i will never be able to articulate how much your readership has meant to me .
john tells us that because wordswordswordsthe kingdom of heaven has come nearwordswordswords it is time to repent . the word wordswordswordsrepentwordswordswords is often defined as being sorry for our sins and changing our behavior accordingly . it is certainly true that in order to prepare our hearts for the lord , a primary starting point is to become honest with god about our sin and to agree with him that our only deliverance is through christ . but thatwordswordswordss not the end of the story .
i was astonished to learn in barbara eldredgewordswordswordss wordswordswordsmissing the modern gun : object ethics in collections of design,wordswordswords that while we have enough guns in this country to arm every man , woman , and child , not one single design museum in the u.s . has a modern gun in its collection . talk about denial! ! !
preheat oven to 350 . i used a buttered , lg round dish for this but i think a 9x13 pan would work fine . mix together the potatoes , onion , parsley , onion powder , salt and pepper , butter , sour cream and 1/2c . shredded cheese . spread mixture evenly into your pan . make 6 indentations for your eggs . place covered in the oven for 30 min . remove from oven , crack each egg into it's own little indentation , sprinkle with salt and pepper , sprinkle the bacon/ham over the whole top . cover and returned to the oven for 45 min . remove from the oven , sprinkle the remaining
1co 4:1 let a man so account of us as of the ministers of christ and the dispensers of the mysteries of god .
i actually brewed 11 gallons of this , but the recipe below is proportioned for the more common 5.5 gallon batch (accounting for some loss in the kettle and the fermenter , with 5 full gallons in the keg) :
this really is nothing new . i've always loved this stuff ! its just on an anti candida diet i was avoiding it . i've been a little less strict with myself and added a couple tablespoons of it back into my life . so far so good . i always love mixing it with some lakanto and vanilla drops and eating it slowly with a spoon :-)
well , the title of this post sounds like the most boring entry you could possibly read ! while the title sounds incredibly boring , the content is anything but boring . our reading lessons for the week have to do with nonfiction books about animals .
at present 900 reebok outlets are operational in india . according to a delhi-based franchisee , who did not want to be identified , wordswordswordssince the last six to seven months reebok was working to abolish the mg model and work on a rent plus margin model with its franchisees in india.wordswordswords
l-3 communications holdings , inc . , alternative energy , deals by region , 2006 to ytd 2012 6
in the dark mare of her mind he saw what seemed to be an elf stalking his majesty .
didn't your momma ever tell you that you can be whatever you want to be ? if you want to go grain free , you can do it !
yes , thatwordswordswordss how it works . and that quote reflects a rank cowardice and adbication on the part of the white house to make tough calls and assume real leadership when circumstances call for it .
2 tbls honey (can be replaced by apple puree)
-wordswordswordswho ? wordswordswords the old woman asked .
ok , so for the time being i have changed the wedding colors from black-white-red to black-white-tiffany blue . the problem is , i can't think of any flowers that will work well with that color scheme , so i'll probably end up switching back to red . grr , lol .
coat a 9-inch round cake pan with cooking spray ; line bottom of pan with wax paper . coat wax paper with cooking spray .
i was amazed at how easy and fast this was , i was more amazed at how easy the clean up is ! i thought for sure with oil and sugar i'd be scrubbing a pot after i was done , but not at all ! there was hardly a stuck on mess . this is such an inexpensive snack . sure it isn't the most healthy but hot kettle corn with that caramelized sugar crunch is so good fresh .
iwordswordswordsll agree with the one who posts this video in saying that i didnwordswordswordst expect both the op and ed of this new anime series sound so soothing . kyoto animation does not fail to impress , really . the ed is especially nice in creating that dreamy atmosphere with a good rhythm and visuals .
just wanted to post quick and let you know that wendy over at the shabby nest is having a silhouette giveaway . the winner will be announced august 31st and she also has some great coupon codes up for those of us that never seem to win . . . me ! haha :)
fischer , r . (1993) . fibonacci applications and strategies for traders . new york , j . wiley .
bronnie likes the fabric not to be pulled too tight on the reupholstered pieces . i believe he said to the upholsterer : " don't make it look like a hollywood face lift" . he likes there to be some give to the fabric , as if the chair had been sat in for a long time .
there seems to be a subtle shift in rfg's broadcasts . though they're still focusing on laying the blame on maurice , the attention is turning from what happened on the 19th to what could happen in the next few days . by attempting to reassure the outside world that the situation is under control and it's business as usual , they're clearly trying to head off what looks to be inevitable now . some kind of military intervention .

i hope he's still this excited and interested when the baby does arrive this fall ! =)
11 and he settled his countenance stedfastly , until he was ashamed : and the man of god wept .
07 precious stone
remember me , lord jesus christ , when you come as king ! amen !
well , that does it for my long overdue book-related post . expect another one after the miami book fair international and the miami-dade public library 10th annual book sale , when i'll be getting literally as many used books as i can carry home with me ! :d
kingwordswordswordss tun
thanks so much andrea !
well dear scathers ,
if a regimentwordswordswordss move ends with its front side in contact with two or more enemies after charging then youwordswordswordsve got yourself a multime combat . remember only the sides of enemieswordswordswords bases can be charged (any side) and corner contact doesnwordswordswordst count .
after a couple of amazing years on the island , beavering away in my little studio , dancing to cheesy tunes , sewing for hours upon end and spending every spare minute on the sea , wakeboarding and surfing (well im trying to) and getting to hang out with my folks as an adult for 2 years (this is the best bit) , i now have a date set to leave and its official . argggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh .
for those of you bama fans holding out for black jerseys or a script a on the helmets , therewordswordswordss hope yet .
so , i left as hr escorted me out . what do i say at interviews ? it seems to be a very negative perception .
at the back of the shop
laura : " i've done my best to forget it . "
seriously , i want help understanding the thought process or theology behind this guy's message . we only keep non-fiction here in at chateau squatlo , or else i'd look it up in a bible for myself . since we don't own one i have to depend on the kindness of strangers . . . like blanche dubois , but with less lipstick .
we had---13 sunny days
they're not extraordinary changes . your mind will not be blown , but still . . . it's weird . a new soap dispenser here , a sparkling toilet brush there , but the frequency has caught my attention .
theywordswordswordsre coming back . iwordswordswordsll be inconspicuous . wait wordswordswords iwordswordswordsm a beautiful dove ! donwordswordswordst take me ! coo . coo . coo ? coo ! put me down ! put me-
let me go on record as saying that admitting joel is right is totally against my grain . thankfully , he is usually wrong , or i have no idea what the parable means so i am spared the impulse to disagree with the point . but , there are times , when it counts , when he is right . this was one of them .
wordswordswordsmany boomer clients are not coasting toward retirement . many boomers still have a lot of planning and accumulation left to do to be ready at retirement age . iwordswordswordsm finding success in helping boomers to put their many disjoined pieces into one plan.wordswordswords
if you look through a campus coffee-shop bulletin board , in all likelihood you will see notices for more than a dozen militant organizations with the word " peace " in their titles . or try the internet -- while googling up random lefty sites , you will find , for example , a list of local " activist " organizations in austin texas . on the progressiveaustin.org page are : peace in austin , austin center for peace and justice , austin dialog for peace and justice , austin peace and justice coalition , austin taxpayers for peace , buddhist peace fellowship , dialog for peace , jewish alliance for justice and peace , peace action texas , peace works , south austin neighbors for peace , students united for peace and justice , texans for peace , and veterans for peace . if you relax the rules to include latin synonyms , you could add pax christi .
a fabric marker
the primary considerations at this step are to finalize the overall height , the radii for the front and rear curves , and placement of the doors in the side . after considering several options , we arrived at a 53 " height that includes 3 " overhang over the sides , 2 " roof thickness , a 6 " thick mattress , and 2 " interior drop on the roof fan that will be installed later . this still allows for me (6'1") to reach over my head to change clothes while sitting on the mattress . in terms of the radii of the curves , we arrive at a 30 " radius on the front , and 54 " radius on the back . this seemed to be a good balance of curves with something that didn't look too egg shaped . lastly , the door placement was decided to be as far to the rear as possible without encroaching on the wheels/fenders . the goal here was to be able to get in/out of the camper by sitting and turning , without having to shimmy forward/backward from a laying position .
maquoketa arts experience is in the location of the old town pharmacy . they have a big space for drawing classes , a small gallery space in the back for resident artists , and this long , narrow , gallery space .
the chevrolet volt onstar smartphone application is designed to enhance the overall volt ownership experience with interaction and control never offered before on any electric vehicle .
spellbinders labels eight and then
wordswordswordsthe murders in the rue morguewordswordswords begins with a newspaper account of the grisly murders of a mother and daughter . plot devices such as the locked-room mystery and conflicting eye-witness testimony originate in this tale . in fact , dorothy l . sayers claims that the story constitutes wordswordswordsan almost complete manual of detective theory and practicewordswordswords (1928 , 81) .
(h) to declare the suspension of the collection of credits or the payments of debts :
also what does this say about mitt romneywordswordswordss support for gay marriage ? he obviously has no problem hiring gay people so does that mean he supports gay marriage ? if he does support it privately then is this another sign of romney turning on his so-called principles when in public to keep his votes in the conservative community ? maybe maybe
we start with a drink at the bar . the pear green tea martini is exceptional , displaying all the aroma and ittybittiness of fresh pear . floating on the top is a pear crisp , so sweet and delectable you might wonder why anyone ever bothered making chips from potatoes .
16:37 : patrick basham chips in by asking if the conservative party in the uk , if they win this year's election , are brave enough to tackle state-funded ngos and fake charities .
wordswords marketplace specialty vendors
2 . charles bronson - grown up corpses
thank you orson scott card for sharing your creativity wordswordswords excellent series with excellent characters .
wordswordswordswell , we could put your dad,wordswordswords i answered .
frank cottrell boycewordswordswordss first books are all based on what children would do when placed in extraordinary situations . wordswordswordsmillionswordswordswords is about what a couple of boys decide to do when they find a huge amount of money . and wordswordswordscosmicwordswordswords is about a 12-year-old boy who looks much older and gets mistaken for an adult .
while i understand the separation of church and education ; there's no rule about silent prayer . i don't involve my students . it's their time as much as mine . they think or do whatever they need to during that time silently as well . however , they are required to stay quiet just like i am .
that will allow them to tell the truth about islam and muhammad . in doing so we will expose this dangerous ideology and its founder . we must encourage muslims to leave islam and to choose for freedom and prosperity .
i start cussing under my breath .
after three years in the industry , this was my first field visit , and a dream come true . i will finally be able to meet members of the great organizations that we work with and shake hands with some of the clients that we work so hard to help . i was so excited to see it all with my own eyes and to share it all with you . hope you stay tuned !
i present to you our completed , never touching it ever again for as long as i live , island :
with the outline of the week done , i want to tell you really how my trip to ethiopia was . on our first full day at the care point and in the first rotation of stations , i was flapping my arms with the parachute when one of our other team members came up to me and said that our sponsor girl was at the care point station waiting to open her care package from us . i finally got to meet seada!! ! as i walked over to where she was , i realized that she looked totally different from the picture i had . as i got to her i bent down and hugged her . now i had a body for the picture on my refrigerator . we sat down with her and watched as she unpacked her care package . she was like a kid at christmas and couldnwordswordswordst get the items out quick enough . she took the picture out and looked at the picture and then at us . the smile on her face was huge . another member of our mission team had someone make and donate dresses for the girls . we helped her put it on and her smile grew bigger . with her new dress on over her dirty and torn clothes , she was happy! ! we moved on to our letter which someone translated for her . as i was sitting listening and watching her , the tears grew in my eyes . after she had the letter read to her , she went to deanna for a hug . then she came to me for one . we had pictures made and then more hugs . then i had to go back and help with recreation and deanna back to arts and crafts . but instead i had to go and sit on the porch and gather myself . i had known her for maybe five minutes and she felt like a daughter to me . as i went back to the rec . group , i now had this feeling this was going to be a good week . i played and grew close to all of them but there was a different connection with seada . every time she was in looking distance we would make eye contact and just smile at each other . since she was our sponsor child , we got to go and see her house and her family . i had said before we went on this trip that i wasnwordswordswordst sure i was ready to see that but our day had come to take our visit . as we were riding to her house , she was entertaining herself with balloons . she blew one up for me and her . well , the van stopped outside this gate and we were there . the gate was a rusty piece of metal roofing and she opened it and it was like another village behind it . we walked down the path with little seada leading the way . we reached this mud house and this woman came out with a smile on her face . we walked into this small room and sat on mats they used for beds . it was an 8wordswordswordsx8wordswordswords room . that is the size of my bathroom at home . we talked with her , seada , and her older sister , with the help of a translator , for just several minutes . this was her house . just this very small room with two mats on the floor , a raised bed and a small hutch with their belongings in it . she shares this room with her mother , a 15 year old sister and a 9 year old sister . her father passed away sometime from sickness . they would use the front porch for their kitchen . her mother didnwordswordswordst have a job but would buy things at the market and resell them for her income . she was doing this to put food on the table . we told her mother that we love and pray for seada and her family . her mother told us that she was very grateful and gave them hope . when we were done talking , we went out on the porch and took some pictures with them . after the pictures were taken , i hugged all three of them . the hug with seada was very emotional because i had this pain for her . i picked her up and just held onto her tight as i was telling her that i loved her so much . the emotions got the best of me and i had to get out of there . i pretty much ran back to the van and got in and just balled . deanna took some more pictures of her house and then walked hand in hand with seada out of the gate . i saw her face and just couldnwordswordswordst imagine living like that . what i just saw is what i call ethiopian reality . it makes me very grateful for what i have and what i take for granted .
this week i will probably add earrings , necklaces , bracelets , rings , etc . on my etsy shop . i will also make a sweet deco case for iphone with silicon whipped cream .
him : lunch before then ?
" we have both always wanted to see the great wall of china and colin would love to stand at the foot of ayres rock in australia, " said chris .
but most british people are not against halal because of taste , obviously . they are against halal slaughter because it is cruel and barbaric . and it is cruel and barbaric precisely because it is ritualistic . the cruelty and barbarism go alongside the ritualism .
i got in 20 minutes of cardio earlier , as well as 20 minutes of my devotional book , plus i'm still working on decluttering my house . two big bags of stuff got taken to the collin cty children's advocacy center's drop off today , and i have lots more to go !
my train has not arrived yet .
obsessive compulsive tendencies . i've found

the schedule is totally booked the next day (my day off) but knowing the cat must be seen , iwordswordswordsm pushing for first thing in the morning . and the gal , is saying all these plans she has and wants to schedule the appointment in 2 days . iwordswordswordsm having to insist the problem is life threatening and go through the spiel again . finally , i ask if she has any friends that could bring the cat in first thing tomorrow morning . she lights up and decides to have a friend bring the kitty in .
so what is it that makes poor drinkers in the north more likely to drink themselves to death than affluent drinkers in the south , who on average drink more ? oh , that's too hard . that might involve addressing the societal , cultural and economic problems that are the real reasons some people drink harmfully .
background these appeals were from patent applications which had been filed in order to create legal test cases , an idea suggested by the vno (the dutch equivalent of the confederation of british industry) . philips filed a patent application on 1 february 2000 relating to a black and white display and my employer dsm agreed to act as opponent . the parent was ep1006733 and a later divisional was filed as ep1263240 . disclosures of the exact wording of different claims were made via email (encrypted and non-encrypted) and also posted on the web (to various urls and removed after various periods , including in one instance after only 20 minutes) . the case was set up so technical issues about the invention were eliminated as far as possible (which is just as well -- as i am a chemist by training!) so we could concentrate on the legal issues . the divisional was filed so we could split the issues into seperate appeals for web disclosures (t 1553-06 from ep1006733 ) and for email disclosures (t 0002/09 from ep1263240) . these decisions aren't yet available on the epo's tba database , though they are available on the file wrapper of each patent application . each 90+ page judgment provides a very through and fair summary of the arguments and issues raised by both parties . the main points are :
google chrome is a web browser , which is made from google , and itwordswordswordss the best browser that anything else . it was made exactly for a better surfing speed at internet . i suggesting google chrome because it will he you a lot . i also using google chrome , and i have to say that is very good .
2 . the descriptive nature of the narrative is told in a different way .
damn things don't even wait until night to start calling . they use the creek next to the house as a super highway , and so they're basically a nightly presence . now , i don't mind wildlife , but i have a philosophical objection to wildlife that has forgotten their place on the food chain .
lw , most college relationships fail . most long-distance relationships fail . as such , virtually all long-distance college relationships fail . defriend him on facebook and shut off his twitter feed and delete your skype account and change your wuphf password and do all the other stuff that kids nowadays do to move on .
aside from those diy type updates , the bathroom totally needs some decorative textiles to help blend the blue and pink spaces together . right now those spaces feel totally disconnected and some carefully coordinated textiles will help the bathroom feel like one cohesive space . here's what i'm thinking it needs . . . .
we'll be back on jan . 11th to announce all the winners! ! !
i can tell you things are getting better since my first post . the husband has done a one-eighty and completely fallen in love with her . my daughter and son are managing better now that iwordswordswordsve given them some tools to avoid play that quickly turns too rough . wordswordswordsdownwordswordswords and wordswordswordsowwordswordswords are working like magic charms . ladybug and trevor have more fun in the back yard with the doofus dog than all the hula-hoops and jump-ropes combined and i found the miracle wordswordswordspacifierwordswordswords for puppies that keeps her busy for just long enough for me to make dinner/post on my blog/fold laundry . those chewy bone thingies . yeah . iwordswordswordsm pretty sure thatwordswordswordss the official name for them .
let's make something perfectly clear here : this is not going to be a repeat of the i-35w bridge disaster in minneapolis . nobody thinks the bridge is going to fall down . it's not structurally deficient , it's " functionally obsolete . " people whine about the crash rate , but just as with the bqe in brooklyn , it would be a lot safer (and undergo less wear and tear) if the thruway authority wasn't trying to squeeze seven lanes of traffic onto a bridge where there's really only room for six .
pretension , or as i would like to call , wordswordswordsthe other p word.wordswordswords
something better : for a more interesting frontier-style journey , check out exile , the sequel to aurelia by anne osterlund . as mentioned above , i would also recommend the obernewtyn series . itwordswordswordss very long (i havenwordswordswordst yet finished it wordswordswords itwordswordswordss been ongoing since the 1980s) and could use some editing down , but still a good post-apocalyptic read .
what this means , in a nutshell , is that this colonization will take place only as long as we allow it to , and we will not allow it forever . eventually we will completely cast aside the various psychological restraints that have been imposed upon us (and without which said colonization could never have occurred at all) , resist it , and , at least to some extent , reverse it . there are only two ways this can happen : a) in a relatively orderly and civilized fashion , when a government with the political will to deal with the problem finally comes to power , or b) in an exceptionally violent and brutal fashion , with government playing by no means the only role , and perhaps not even a particularly large one .
wordswordswordsoh , i agree ! sunny has an extra pound or two (or five , i thought) , but really , what are a dogwordswordswordss pleasures ? eating and going for walks ? what the heck ? !wordswordswords
these empty-headed , vacuous kids and not-so-kids are precisely the product the left has been after for sixty or more years . want to see what happens when parents abrogate their responsibility to instill character ? these are spoiled , for the most part privileged , brats from middle and upper-middle income groups . there are obviously others involved , aging hippies with their gray ponytails and birkenstocks . of course , therewordswordswordss the odd admixture of dopers , dealers and anarchists as well .
-ground roughly a cup of nut of your choice , mix with 1/2 cup sugar , 1 tablespoon rose water and two tablespoons of orange blossom water
don't get me wrong , i've had my moments of being kind of . . . (cough , cough) , but i usually feel guilty about it and apologize afterwards .
no matter what dress she decides on , nothing will hold a candle the shawl ! i am thinking a rather simple , plain dress--something to act as a simple back drop to the shawl . i have decided i want a fancy purse--one decorated with peacock feathers--another simple detail--that will be drop dead gorgeous . i am thinking-- maybe a knit bag , (felted) with one side a lace overlay (the same peacock lace as shawl) and the other side , decorated with sewn on peacock feathers . i want to knit a small patch of lace anyway --to test paint before i start to paint the whole shawl--and this swatch would be perfect for purse cover .
a couple of hours by plane . . .
i am thankful for all of my family - my nieces and nephews , my siblings , my cousins , etc , etc . i love having them around me , and i am blessed beyond measure to have them in my life . our circle keeps getting bigger and it's so wonderful . i love seeing how they grow and change and where we're all headed in our lives . i would be listing people all day individually , so please know that i love each of you and i am thankful to be part of your family .
7:39 : the shower turns off . monkeyboy and junebug finish eating their waffles and i scrub them down until i'm satisfied there is no syrup to be found on their hands or faces . i knock on the bathroom door and inform bluebird that she needs to come out because i need the bathroom to help her siblings brush their teeth and comb their hair . she comes out and sits down to her toast , i wrangle the littles into the bathroom .
is my love for you
i look forward to reading monica sone's very important book nisei daughter as i had friends who were also sent to those japanese internment camps .
every situation is considered in terms of sensory demands on mr . sensitive wordswordswords flickering classroom lights ; overwhelming visual stimuli (kids moving around cleaning up) ; overwhelming auditory stimuli (the clean-up song and sound of toys crashing onto the shelf) wordswordswords means that it is ok if mr . sensitive hides in a cubby hole while the rest of the kids clean up . add the anxiety to sensory overload and you have a total meltdown . although i will say that mr . sensitive does not have autism (as far as we know , and hewordswordswordss only been seen by half a dozen doctors) ; i completely emphasize with parents of kids with autism . it is so frustrating to see the seemingly little things in the world wreak havoc with your childwordswordswordss central nervous system and the resulting behaviour . every parent wants to see their kid happy .
the tolerable : introduced from the mediterranean , the sight of entire mountainsides covered in bright yellow flowers is iconic california . can actually be used to make mustard , take that guldenwordswordswordss .
scroll down , get a bit of anticipation going
speaking of giveaways , i won cucki's fabulous christmas giveaway , yippee ! i'm thrilled as i never win anything ! if you don't know about her lovely blog you can find it here
australiawordswordswordss batting line-up also faces scrutiny with newcomer peter forrest making 66 on debut in sundaywordswordswordss defeat by india to bolster his chances of remaining in the squad . wordswordswordsi know the selectors are meeting today so iwordswordswordsll be sitting by my phone tomorrow (tuesday) hoping to get a call,wordswordswords forrest told reporters in brisbane on monday . wordswordswordsyesterday was a great day and one iwordswordswordsm not going to forget . wordswordswordsit was nice to contribute but it would have been a lot nicer had i got 80 plus or a hundred and got the side to a win.wordswordswords
the other point to bear in mind regarding early publishers being elitist and part of an aristocracy is that illiteracy was still commonplace for ordinary working people and the modern education system was really only in its infancy . so while i agree with ogorek wordswordswords the real change is not so much the advancement in print and media technology wordswordswords but that the democratization he speaks about in his article has occurred in society . the common man and woman have grown up and they are often well educated , highly literate and independent minded .
historic steam beer , associated with san francisco & and the u.s . west coast , was brewed with lager yeast without the use of refrigeration . it was an improvised process , originating out of necessity , perhaps as early as the gold rush . it was considered a cheap & low-quality beer as shown by references to it in literature of the 1890s & 1900s .
january 29 , 2012 , 5:00 a.m . : a young man is caught stealing from a residential courtyard in bamakowordswordswordss djelibougou neighborhood . neighborhood youths tie him up and beat him before dousing him with gasoline and setting him alight . the young man is burned to death , and his body anonymously disposed of by a local trash collection crew . the stolen goods ? two sacks of charcoal , worth no more than us$5.00 each .
09 . unwind
mandip singh and lalit kumar
he (prophet muhammad pbuh ) carried on his mission of inviting people to allah ta'ala (islamic religion) and persisted in (this) invitation for 13 years inspite of the harm and injuries (which he suffered) , and he used to forgive the ignorant . . . in order that allah's proof be established against them (disbelievers) and that his promise be fulfilled to them (disbelievers) which he assured them with his statement :
remove from oven and let cool in pan 5 minutes
embellishments - adhesive stones,ribbon from hobbycraft
-to enter , either post this giveaway's url on tumblr , blogger , twitter or facebook :
iwordswordswordsm an enigma to them.wordswordswords
an apologetic nhlapo said the department would install 200 new lifts at hospitals and certain provincial buildings by october . " the bulk of the infrastructure is old and derelict despite maintenance . "
kiss me on the bus
so thatwordswordswordss 3 chances to win .
born : 3/27/1741
1/4 cup spring onion (only greens)
wordswordswordswell , the media always simplifies things and they take one incident that happens for five minutes in one year and then thatwordswordswordss your life for the next ten years . but i had all these other moments you know , and the other 364 days in the year were very different from that particular day . i mean , there is still a grain of truth there , but itwordswordswordss just taken a bit out of proportion.wordswordswords
the proposals unveiled by the islamists in their program by 365 points , submitted on 14 september 2011 , are equally succinct . yet , to think about it , they leave no worry . ennahda says it wants to establish a parliamentary form of democracy , wordswordswordsbased on the separation of powers and judicial independence.wordswordswords
i figured ice wine and i would always be distanced by a gap that a studentwordswordswordss budget couldnwordswordswordst bridge . then i came across an article about the niagara icewine festival which goes from january 14 until january 30 . though a $20 bottle isn't exactly cheap or a small fee for a tasting , this kind of drinking is much more budget friendly than $70 .
her hands and said , wordswordswordsiwordswordswordsm ugly!wordswordswords
this weekend i decided to tackle a few much needed projects inside my house . the weather was finally cold so being outside was not in the program for me . i have many grand plans for work that i would like to accomplish in my home but this weekend was going to include a few simple electrical projects . of course , as these tasks usually go for me , this one simple item turned into much more of a production than i expected .
melted butter to brush shortcakes
oh yes the dreaded " how can i get a decent pic " dilemma that comes with making easel cards . . .
here's to new beginnings .
9 . my mother taught me : contortionism .
peaches are mr . louisa's favorite fruit , next to strawberries . i'd probably have to go with raspberries , myself , but peaches are right up there . as for vegetables , it changes with the seasons . in summer ? i can't get enough tomatoes . it's like my body is craving them ! (and yeah , i know they're technically a fruit . but come on , do you really think of them that way when you slice them up with fresh mozzarella and basil and drizzle them with balsamic vinaigrette ? )
net income increased 68% to $299 million in the first quarter , or $0.66 per diluted share , compared with net income of $177 million , or $0.41 per diluted share , in first quarter 2009 .
i had an amazing month off of rest and relaxation with family and friends who had listed me as a missing person . here's what i did in bullet points (because let's be honest , no one wants to read) :
it urged lifting the ban on cell-phone roaming between india and pakistan wordswordswords probably the only two neighbouring countries in the world that disallow this facility wordswordswords and on video up-linking from india to pakistan .
and live it out loud
*designer cakes made by students in the family and consumer science department (the cakes will be auctioned off in the silent auction)
his face the moment i proposed .
when we reflect on easter letwordswordswordss remember the son . letwordswordswordss remember what he did and why . s . m . lockeridge once said wordswordswordsdeath couldnwordswordswordst handle him and the grave couldnwordswordswordst hold him.wordswordswords lockeridge is right .
secondly , we have the " download pr material " section . here you can download some promotional posters .
the stargate program has just begun operation beneath cheyenne mountain for the first time in years ; the united states air force is sending four-person teams through the stargate to other worlds for the purposes of exploration , tactical analysis , and the acquisition of advanced technology , primarily weaponry .
i've made doughnuts from scratch before , but they haven't turned out too well . using the deep fat fryer is kind of a pain and you really have to be careful not to make your doughnuts too big or they will be raw in the middle . still , when you get it right , they are awesome .
i don't really see my leaving if it happens as some big loss considering there are so many doctor who blogs and many of them are far better then my own . i do however feel bad that it got to this point . i really have enjoyed myself over all and my love for doctor who has in no way decreased .
trying to prove i am genuine to societies and closed help-groups who deal with these issues i would much prefer to understand before i progress , is a real hurdle . i would like to be one of those people who can just pretend , rummage through a few websites and magazines , read a couple of case studies and churn out word-counts , but that just is not me . arguably , surely understanding the subject as a writer you hope to represent , as broadly as possible is the ideal ?
bbe : (hears the all-too-familiar tinkle) wordswordswordsahh! ! what are you doing ? ! ? !
my own explanation of why their son is a psycho was that the kid was probably swapped at the hospital . clearly , he canwordswordswordst be theirs . who casts these films ? fail .
pretty sure nothing says " season's greetings " like this jungle-meets-donna-reed-meets-closet-alcoholic look . big time thank you to michael aghy for working through the brain aftermath of " new years apocalypse manifests in the three minutes and fifty three seconds that it takes to scream along to house of jealous lovers and it's pretty much a blur from then on till about five am " extravaganza . neither one of us were in the best shape after that , but our inner creepy prevailed , and voila : art .
i hit the water and iwordswordswordsm heading under .
lesson : spaghetti sauce stains baby clothes worse than adult clothes .
marty : " no ! do i have to incur the wrath of george lucas ? "
for once in my life , i donwordswordswordst plan tomorrow out . i donwordswordswordst try to figure out where my relationship is heading . i smile when life is beginning to get bumpy , and when iwordswordswordsm sad wordswordswords yes , i am learning to let myself cry . iwordswordswordsm stopping to smell the roses a little more . enjoying my weekends off , and seeing my friends more . i spend time with the family and i am getting my behind up off the couch more and running around . i didnwordswordswordst try to be happy . i didnwordswordswordst plan on anything , thatwordswordswordss for sure . it appears that when the worst moment of my life , over-ruled all of my other emotions , life did something amazing . it turned over a new leaf for me . life , worked itself out . for the first time in so very longwordswordswords i am genuinely happy . i donwordswordswordst care what tomorrow brings . good or bad , i know i can face what ever tomorrow throws at mewordswordswords and i couldnwordswordswordst be more in love with life .
approaching from the shed the bed on the right is for courgettes and is covered by carpet to keep the weeds off until we need the area,(i'll be doing a post sharing my courgette growing secrets in a week or so) . next the bed on the left is covered with fleece and has potatoes underneath , none have poked through yet , but i'm sure it won't be long , we planted them on good friday . on the right the allium bed is really taking off with 2 rows of shallots , 3 rows of red onions , 2 rows of brown onions , 1 row of perpetual onions and 2 rows of garlic . . .
caseywordswordswordss pizza shares their schedule . mon : no service , tues : spear/mission , wed : sansome/pine , thurs : spear/mission lunch , 1 post dinner , fri : mission/new montgomery .
city officials and housing advocates here and in cities as varied as buffalo , kansas city , mo . , and jacksonville , fla . , say they are seeing an unsettling development : banks are quietly declining to take possession of properties at the end of the foreclosure process , most often because the cost of the ordeal wordswordswords from legal fees to
in the meantime , i had to sneak away to the mall (have to admit , i am not much a mall person)
what was the timeline from spark to publication , and what were the significant events along the way ?
so why am i so lonely now ? i can only blame myself . i look healthy when i am at rest , and that has to make it harder for others to wordswordswordsget itwordswordswords . or so my insecurities tell me . my level of asthma most people never see , much less experience . itwordswordswordss a rare thing to find an asthmatic who needs a power wheelchair and oxygen . well , the chair is partially because of the severity of issues in my back , but theywordswordswordsre invisible , too . and now , after the hospitalization with high doses of corticosteroid therapy intravenously to knock down the extreme inflammation of my airways , steroid myopathy has greatly weakened my muscles so i again have an odd reason to need a wheelchair . i canwordswordswordst attend anything on a regular basis when iwordswordswordsm in this level of chronic illness , so i donwordswordswordst see anyone , and iwordswordswordsm too chicken to pick up the phone and call others who are very busy with their own lives .
sodium - 155mg
12 kalamata olives , pitted and chopped
wordswordswordsbut , itwordswordswordsswordswordswordswordswordswords
1 . sixteen tons- tennessee ernie ford
as we are getting closer and closer to the arrival of our daughter i am getting more and more nervous about who she is . i try so hard to believe that god will give me the baby i am meant to have and to blindly accept that he knows best . i try so hard to believe the geneticist who told us that the odds of having another child with down syndrome are slim . i try so hard to believe that no matter what i will look at my little girl and see perfection .
wordswordswordsit is , isnwordswordswordst it ? oh , thank you , fairy godmother!wordswordswords cinderella smiled and bolted into the coach . wordswordswordsi shall remember this night for always.wordswordswords
condolences with the family - who supplied the information since media 24 and the news services can not be bothered to report on black on white attacks until days after the event .
who's with me ? will you follow me to pocket pause ?
last year i decided it was all in time and i planted an entire 8'x4 ' bed of them . mixing in some ever-bearing with a few shoots from my smaller beds and with this warm winter we had the plants continued to grow all winter and are now busting out of the raised beds and colonizing the pathway in between , intent on making the entire raised garden area into one big strawberry empire .
our design team has been busy designing projects using the new release - today you will want to check out sharon johnson's thrifty tags today using the new just a note stamps by clicking here .
2 tomatoes , cut into wedges
" yes , but only when i know rissad is beyond their reach . " he couldn't help glancing over his shoulder . " it's our job to protect him . "
i love banana bread . itwordswordswordss delicious and moist and reminds me of my grandma . the problem with banana bread is that you need 3 bananas , sometimes you donwordswordswordst have 3 extra ripe bananas . so when i have 2 almost-too-disgusting-to-look-at bananas i make banana cookies . but when you just have one , i recommend these banana-pecan biscotti .
he has taken out several lamps and required us to almost completely strip down our family room and place our furniture in odd configurations . we thought raegan was absolutely crazy when she came home . . . .she looks positively tame compared to the damage nathan causes . it's a daily battle to keep the one free standing piece of furniture . . . .a side table so that when i crash at the end of the day , i get one tiny luxury . ..a place to set something to drink on . as you can see . . . .it can be used for nothing else during the day as nathan has claimed it as his " zen " table on which he likes to perch and rock . started this almost 11 months ago . . . .still does it .
and we will find it .
i still feel calm and peaceful , better than i have for years . telling him to back off and respect my boundaries , and telling him how i truly feel was the missing link in my healing process .
i have to say that sepia saturday seems to have been going from strength to strength over recent weeks and once again i thank everyone for their support . you may have noticed that in her comments on last weeks ' post , kathy over at oregon gifts of comfort and joy suggested it might be a good idea to have a sepia saturday facebook group . it is indeed a good idea and one kat mortensen had when we first set up sepia saturday a couple of years ago . she kindly set up such a group and it has been lying fallow ever since . it can be found by doing a group search for sepia saturday or by (hopefully) following this link . if you use facebook why not join the group and we can use it to exchange old images and chat about all things sepia . if you don't use facebook or if you prefer the larger image formats available on flickr i have also set up a flickr sepia saturday group which once again we can use to share our images . again , you should be able to locate it via a group search or (again , hopefully) by following this link . thus the sepia saturday brand goes remorselessly onward and next week i hope to announce the launch of a range of branded sepia saturday underwear !
i don't have anything cheetah print . ..and this would be awesome to have in my wardrobe :)
knowing everything about everything to ever exist ever
time to add a new building to my skyscraper collection ! unfortunately for me , nowhere on the planet is there a building thatwordswordswordss exactly 104 stories tall , so , instead , iwordswordswordsm adding a 102-story building , and it just happens to be one of the most recognizable buildings ever constructed :
today , another product was feathered on the front page of etsy.com . . . .this time , on miss may's birthday !
if you read the post just below this one , you will know just about all you need to about the book .
when a fluctuation in earth's gravitational field caused the benches in cadman plaza park to start floating off the other day , these brooklyn heights park-goers jumped into action .
my mom surprised me and told me that i got to pick a meal to celebrate my birthday and she'll pay . i went back and forth , back and forth . it took me two weeks to decide on california grill only to see that i can't get a reservation . fail . i really wanted to try something new but due to the schedule and difficulty with disney transportation , i decided to do boma (my 3rd time , mom's first) a day after my actual birthday .
but hang on wordswordswords mr f isnwordswordswordst now and probably never will be world leader ?
we actually added some courgette , which also worked well .
now . . . do you think your situation has finally backed him into a corner ? is god finally stumped ; not knowing what to do ? saturate yourselves with the stories in this book and you will learn that he is not . donwordswordswordst reduce god to what your puny mind can think . donwordswordswordst limit his ability to what you can understand . he is our faithful creator and we would do well to commit ourselves to him . commit yourself to him and let him show you what he can do .
" mommy , see that sunshine outside ? "
there are broadly two ways to measure the power consumption :
even future fantastic four artist (who got the job because he could do jack kirby better'n anybody else) rick buckler pops up with a captain liberty story that shows that the only limitations of ditto were in the mind of the creator . a great find if you can latch onto a copy , and if you consider youself any sorta fan and follower of the fans and followers then i'm sure you're more'n intereted in these long gone tomes'n i'm giving you credit for ! try ebay , or maybe even publishers hamster press (po box 27471 , seattle wa 98125) have a few left . well , you could spend your ever dwindling lucre on something a whole lot worse , which i have the sneaking suspicion you undoubtedly will . . .
what : co-naming of lincoln place to benny a . lyde place , in honor of the late benny lyde
i was confident that nothing would or could go wrong .
devon carter is a man on a mission . hewordswordswordss bound and determined to be a leader in the business world and is willing to give his life (or at least his hand in marriage) to achieve his goals . when ashleywordswordswordss father offers the proposition : marry my daughter and you can take over my company , devonwordswordswordss desires are put to the test .
the dead c , patienceit takes a little patience on this lp (pun-intended) , but the new zealand noise rock legends still got it .
i keep going back and forth on the issue . i donwordswordswordst have to make the decision right now . but this idea is in the back of my head and i find myself going back and forth on the subject . i could always do a variation of the pen name that i was thinking of using to see that is available and not in use . ugh . whowordswordswordsd a wordswordswordsthunkwordswordswords that trying to come up with the right name to use as a pen name would be so much trouble ?
mugabe also praised south africa as an unstinting ally against what he said was a global crusade by wordswordswordsimperialistswordswordswords to remove his government through economic sabotage and propaganda .
the place of passage between these two senses of the secret of secret , the locale of its immanent hiddenness , is the topology defined in the word secret itself , substantive of the verb secerno (to set apart , sever , disjoin) . secrecy is dislocation , severed place , topological severing . thus at the summit of its literal significance , we find secret as the universal word written within the interior of the mysticwordswordswordss self-dislocating body . for example : the literally falling apart , limb from limb , of some indian sufis in the presence
he had those stubby hands .
the background for this is that the united states has trade agreements with various countries , such as canada and mexico , and entities such as the european union , to recognize certain distinctive national products . in the north american free trade agreement (nafta) , for example , we recognize canadian whisky and tequila as distinctive products of canada and mexico , respectively , and they recognize bourbon whiskey and tennessee whiskey as distinctive products of the united states .
4 . line cookie sheets with parchment paper .
to make these pomanders , all you need is a styrofoam ball , a bit of ribbon or lace and some pearls or brads for the centres . i just cut multitudes of the small flowers from judy's blooms , placed one on top of another and glued them into place around the ball . i inked the edges and glimmer misted all the petals and then spritzed the whole lot with water and lavender essential oil , (for the purple one and water and rose essential oil for the pink one.) .
according to general instruction of the roman missal #160 : when receiving holy communion , the communicant bows his or her head before the sacrament as a gesture of reverence and receives the body of the lord from the minister . the consecrated host may be received either on the tongue or in the hand , at the discretion of each communicant . when holy communion is received under both kinds , the sign of reverence is also made before receiving the precious blood .
3.) whatwordswordswordss the best advice you can give to aspiring writers ?
what i can say for sure is brining works big time . don't even bother roasting one if it hasn't been brined , in my opinion . the good news is that trader joe's sells ones that are already brined ! for like $1.99/lb . ! so you don't have to use a huge garbage bag of salt water in a cooler (or bathtub of ice , which happened to me one year as i recall) . oh , and it is my understanding that kosher turkeys have already been salt treated so they are (effectively) brined , so if you can find one of those , that will save you some time as well .
i have been an avid reader since i was a kid . my mom used to send me off to school on friday morning with a blank check (gasp!) because that was the day the book mobile came to our school . whoa , did i just date myself or what ? although i spend more timing reading books electronically now , there is nothing better than cracking open a brand new book from barnes & noble . . . the smell of the ink , the crispness of the paper . . . nirvana packed into hundreds of pages . so what does any of this have to do with scrapbooking , you ask ?
last 20-miler is set for this saturday and i guess itwordswordswordss okay since that evening we have julianwordswordswordss first communion . letwordswordswordss just say , iwordswordswordsm looking to relax on sunday . my momwordswordswordss leaving for the motherland also . i think someone wants to come along .
raskin replied : " senator , when you took your oath of office , you placed your hand on the bible and swore to uphold the constitution . you did not place your hand on the constitution and swear to uphold the bible . " the room erupted into applause .
for several months now , the message from my soul kept resounding , " let go . " and yet that part of me--the part that has no fear , has not been running the show . and although i was often aware of this peaceful presence inside of me in the background , i let my mind and emotions dictate my actions and responses because they told me that i needed to resist the doubts within and hang on tightly with all my strength to what i am " supposed " to know . i had been taught that this is what faith is . i am now learning by finally heeding to the voice within to " let go" , what faith really means .
malunggay - [mah-loong-guy] (moringa oleifera) also known as sajina , horseradish tree and a host of other names , malunggay is native to the indian subcontinent , but is widely grown and used in the philippines . while nearly all parts of the tree have culinary and/or medicinal use , malunggay leaves in particular are gaining attention and prominence in filipino cuisine as something of a wonder food , purportedly containing more vitamins c and a , calcium , protein and potassium than oranges , carrots , milk and bananas , respectively . comparable in taste and texture to spinach , the dark green thumbnail-sized leaves are often added to tinola , a traditional , delicately-flavored soup of chicken , ginger and green papaya . in this pesto , malunggay imparts a fresh yet distinctly grassy flavor , so i would suggest substituting a portion of the leaves with some cilantro to draw in a more herbaceous taste , if preferred .
progressive taxation/disproportionate taxation
i have , however , been in sane . they donwordswordswordst have an airport ; you have to be driven there . i have made several trips there , thanks to my friends , family and work . i live close so itwordswordswordss a short drive .
seacrest holds preeminent positions in broadcast television , nationally syndicated radio , local radio and cable as an on-air host , broadcaster and producer . he is celebrated internationally as host of the top-rated primetime talent showcase wordswordswordsamerican idol,wordswordswords for which he has been nominated for an emmy(r) award in the wordswordswordsoutstanding host for a reality or reality-competition program.wordswordswords he also serves as an executive producer and a host of wordswordswordsdick clarkwordswordswordss new yearwordswordswordss rockinwordswordswords eve with ryan seacrest.wordswordswords on radio , seacrest is host and producer of wordswordswordson air with ryan seacrest,wordswordswords his market-topping #1 nationally syndicated la morning drive-time radio show for clear channelwordswordswordss 102.7 kiis-fm , as well as a nationally-syndicated top 40 radio show .
nivea's chocolat exquis (85)
having settled ourselves on the shores of lake rathetear , it was time to see if we could hunt there successfully . our goal was to get to level 19 .
wordswordswordshow much do cops make ? wordswordswords he asked .
linda has been a guest , multiple times , on
well maybe not quite a safari with land rovers , bearers and doubles but we hiked a bit and carried a small pack and had a couple dogs with us .
it's already feeling a whole lot more peaceful in my soul .
happy beading , reading and blogging !
dr feelgoods 7th album : as it happens is released in june 1979 , and is the bands second live album . as with their first live album (stupidity) , each side is taken from a different gig . side 1 comes from the pavilion in hemel hempstead , where as side 2 comes from crocs , just up the road in rayleigh . nowhere on the sleeve (or inner sleeve) does it mention where the live photos used on the sleeve were taken , but i guess there is always a chance that one (or more) of them was taken at crocs .
may 8 , 2009 clip no . 2103
you're teething up a storm . you get so fussy and chew and bite the crap out of stuff . i know it hurts you and i hate it . luckily you don't mind tylenol .
both of my children know how to make my hurt go away .
it is a fact that most of us lack the courage to face the facts of life . that we do lack the courage to face the facts of life is the first brutal fact that we must face .
the panel completed its six-month tenure and submitted its findings to parliament last week but the opposition and civil society have criticised it for lacking specific recommendations on how to clean up the voter registrar .
don pohren/author
walid chaya . . . cute guy 1
moore is very familiar with tulsa golden hurricane basketball .
but , if you know europe , february is about as unromantic a month as can exist , so paris is going to be cold and grey , judging by the forecast , with chance of snow . (though , it sure won't be colder than here , that i know.) we are flying into charles de gaulle , the armpit of the universe , so i don't have much hope of a nice travel experience . every time i have gone through that airport i have ended up pissed off , confused and sans luggage . i am hoping , however that it will be of short duration so that upon arrival and for the rest of the weekend i can :
nomination 2 : spicy pepperoni pizza and repoterroir at the dogfish head brewpub in rehoboth beach
another hit : arm and hammer toothpaste . between this and the vitamins , i figured i've saved about $15 and a trip to target .
wordswordswordseli mackennon , every horse is special to you,wordswordswords hannah said as she stepped to jakewordswordswordss side and put her arm around her husbandwordswordswordss shoulders . wordswordswordswhy , you have a way with critters.wordswordswords she smiled , noting that the wildcatwordswordswordss soft paddy-toes were waving upside down with pleasure .
goodreads summary : in a world with no poverty , no crime , no sickness and no unemployment , and where every family is happy , 12-year-old jonas is chosen to be the communitywordswordswordss receiver of memories . under the tutelage of the elders and an old man known as the giver , he discovers the disturbing truth about his utopian world and struggles against the weight of its hypocrisy . with echoes of brave new world , in this 1994 newbery medal winner , lowry examines the idea that people might freely choose to give up their humanity in order to create a more stable society . gradually jonas learns just how costly this ordered and pain-free society can be , and boldly decides he cannot pay the price .
what troubles and difficulties have i caused to __________________ ?
brush a large baking sheet with curry butter and lay your squash rounds down on the baking sheet . scoop filling into the center of the rings and drizzle the remaining curry butter over the squash . bake until squash is tender about 30 minutes . use a spatula to transfer rings to plates when serving , so filling isn't left behind .
marko served in the army and was stationed at fort bragg in north carolina . after leaving the military the six-foot seven forward/center played basketball for a junior college and was recruited on scholarship to play for st . augustine . marko hamlin , attending the college of southern maryland , was named the njcaa division ii menwordswordswordss basketball player of the week , dec . 21 , 2006 . there were promises made by people who worked for st . augustine , ensuring that marko would be financially taken care of , that were not kept . this situation quickly soured markowordswordswordss confidence and trust in those he once believed , supportive of his gifts and talents , and he left college to embark on a journey that he did not know would lead him to love , god .
autumn is my most favorite time of the year ~ the colors , the smells , the feel in the air , the change in temperature , the pumpkins , apples , amd squash , the baking , the coziness , the beautiful falling leaves . we have some leaves falling , but mostly itwordswordswordss the cute little squirrels throwing heavy pine cones out of our trees onto our deck and into our yard , rummaging through my container plants on the deck and front porch in search of a safe place to hide their pine nuts after theywordswordswordsve torn a pine cone into millions of pieces and littered it and dirt everywhere , eating the violas , etc . really though ~ i do love them and itwordswordswordss all part of the natural cycle of life . i donwordswordswordst mind sharing with them ~ they are really so cute as they sit in my pots munching away ~ after all , they do have to eat ~ and i do so love watching themwordswordswords
of course i don't wish to imply that making a card for lovely husband jeff's lovely dad could ever be anything less than a joy ! my father-in-law just happens to be one of my favorite people : he is fun , he is funny , he is kind , smart and thoughtful , he is creative and talented , interesting and interested . . . in short , he's everything you'd like a man to be . . . and he taught his children , by example , to be just like him ; which is a big part of the reason my husband is the amazing man he is . yepper , in the marriage lottery , i was lucky enough to choose a winning ticket 26.5 years ago , for which i could not be more grateful !
warning : you are superuser ! !
truecar.com determined this statistic by using the top 10 wealthiest zip codes from irs data in the u.s . and the most driven car makes and models in these locations . mercedes-benz is also the number one make in the nation that the wealthiest choose to drive .
this week has been hard and overwhelming ; full of more firsts . this being the first mother's day without my sweet boy in my arms . this morning i spent time praying , crying out and just being quiet . i was not going to let the grief take over , but i thought i would stay in the house and in bed for the day but a dear friend encouraged that we come for lunch . i am so glad she did . it was a great afternoon basking in god's goodness and his creation . as we were riding four wheelers on their beautiful property , i whispered to my husband that our precious boy was seeing so much more beauty than what our eyes can even imagine ! that does my heart good to remember . when i am sad and missing him , i constantly ask god to give me strength , to show love and mercy , and let me remember his goodness , to hold on to the hope we have as an anchor for our souls . firm.and.secure .
* he was 5'11 " and apparently was pretty hot , by english standards in the early 1800s anyway .
wordswordswordsbut i trust in your unfailing love . i will rejoice because you have rescued me.wordswordswords
traditional cultured buttermilk : cultured buttermilk may be simply cultured milk . as such , it can be whole milk , part-skim , or skim milk . the texture thickens , much as yogurtwordswordswordss texture thickens , as the bacteria create an acidic environment , curdling the proteins . truly traditional buttermilk would be made with raw milk , but pastuerized milk can be used with a starter . cultured buttermilk does contain probiotics , although the specific cultures vary regionally .
this former chief of aspis was convicted of having the unmitigated temerity to forge and fabricate documents . of course this guy only forged a handful of documents and only created a few documents out of whole cloth . he apparently had not read the wall street playbook all the way through wordswordswords where they have each act committed by a person or company that doesnwordswordswordst know anything or at least can claim wordswordswordsplausible deniability.wordswordswords wall street causes hundreds of thousands of documents to be forged , fabricated , robosigned and misrepresented in court every day . but here we leave them (jamie dimon) on the board of the ny federal reserve which essentially sets all standards in the federal reserve system .
a critical look of al gore by stevens , which is of great interest for the current campaign .
why do chimpanzees throw poop ? the federal government would like to know and is using your tax dollars to investigate the matter . every single year , we all send huge amounts of our hard-earned money to the federal government . we hope that they will spend that money wisely . unfortunately , that is simply not the case . you are about to read some examples of how the government is wasting your money that are absolutely mind blowing . anyone that claims that there is not a lot of waste that can be cut out of the federal budget is lying to you . our politicians have racked up the biggest pile of debt in the history of the world and they are spending our money on some of the stupidest things imaginable . it is imperative that the american people be educated about all of this outrageous government waste , because right now the political will to change this corrupt system is simply not there among the current crop of politicians in washington . we are stealing trillions of dollars from future generations and many of the things that our politicians are wasting that money on are almost too bizarre to believe . . . . . .
the flower is tatted with size 40 tatilicious " esmeralda "
* the dawordswordswordss decision to put a wordswordswordshate crimewordswordswords specialist assistant da on the case after he realised the forensics were shaky .
me : ohmyword how did i live before i read tsubasa ?
____ ability to laugh at yourself
among the four major carriers , t-mobile has gotten the most done : itwordswordswordss set up overage alerts for voice , data and international roaming plans . verizon has implemented them only for data and international roaming . at&t has alerts only for data plan overages and sprint only for international roaming .
12 keep it up
1 field's
also from a grand rapids press report : the westboro creeps wordswordswordsdidnwordswordswordst show as threatened , but members of a group promoting tolerance came just in case with intentions of shielding the funeral from members of the kansas-based hate group.wordswordswords
carol woolbright , gene stroman , stacy brooks , darrell pattillo , melody shaw , steve chapman , liza spozio , benny stone , toni clevinger , bryan sandlin , judy delo , kenneth watson , evelyn mardis , phillip elery , kathy weihe , gary satterwhite
" the rose of an grianan " will always be dedicated to you .
ends 29 feb 2012
not tonight . it is now 1:00 in the morning .
short stories are the next level up from flash fiction . iwordswordswordsm going to talk about short stories in detail later on . iwordswordswordsm still not prepared for that post , which is why this onewordswordswordss here . (and this one is late , i know . i havenwordswordswordst had a second of spare time in weeks.) but please , if you love reading , read short stories . itwordswordswordss something i have to make myself do . i like books . i sometimes forget short stories exist , and that they can be just as powerful . but i canwordswordswordst forget that . like flash fiction , itwordswordswordss another lesson in brevity . can you write a full story that draws readers in , provokes an emotional response , and carries readers on an imaginative journey given only a few thousand words ?
1 involve
in thief's covenant , adrienne is a good , spunky protagonist , and there's a nice mystery to how the different phases of her life fit together . i am intrigued by what the 147 different gods in this world are up to . marmell is also exploring the implications of social stratification in davillon , which is an interesting theme for a ya book .
her brownies were so much better than mine .
whatever the case , someone questioned the mangerwordswordswordss constitutionality , and the courthouse facilities and grounds committee reacted by prohibiting citizens from placing any holiday displays on the grounds . leesburg apparently being devoid of decorations anywhere else , people were outraged at the decision to keep them off courthouse square .
victory braumeister pils
this old house is too big for just me . some days i feel i am walking through the gossamer curtain of ghosts . some days it is too much . some days i want to stay and embrace the ghosts and never leave . but it's too easy to draw the curtains and shut out the sunlight .
hat : morgan & taylor
@voiceofgarth : glen pulls his head out of his ass to the thunderous sound of suction as his head finally breaks loose .
beau and jessica will return to texas around september 20th to meet with the surgeon that worked on his arm . at that time , he should be getting out of the sling and beginning physical therapy . it's going to take a while before beau will be able to use his arm like he wants to so please pray for patience and determination on beau's part (although i don't think beau has ever been lacking in the latter) .
in this blog , iwordswordswordsll try my best to gathering food stall mainly in bangkok that have a nicely and tasty food which you might just realize later that it is just at the corner of your hotel . so you will no longer miss great food at local cost anymore ! stay tuned for the next episode !
when nehemiah charged wrongdoers to return to the poor a portion of the money they had exacted from them , wordswordswordsthe whole assembly said , wordswordswordsamenwordswordswords and praised the lord.wordswordswords (neh . 5:13) . again , the word carries the weight of truth , fidelity , the pledge of obedience .
add to that a partner whose final exams have been moved up this year so that we're both super-pressed for time at the same time . plus christmas--shopping , planning , concerts and rehearsals for the boy . . .
also . . . .sergio has planned to make . . . . . . . .grilled pineapple . just cut off the rhine , and then roll the whole pineapple in sugar and cinnamon and then grill . you shave slivers off of it like it were in some sort of a greek restaurant with a large roast sitting vertically on a skewer (make sense ? ) . i am so excited for this dish . . . . . .have i mentioned how much i love pineapple . . . ..this sounds just amazing ! i will be sure to take lots of pictures to let you know how it turns out !
somebody's dog had worms . . . . . . .
kerry : wordswordswordsfood hoarding and judiciously distributing to the worthy.wordswordswords also facilitating suicide for those who want to check out .
buried in a small area south of detroit road , east of w25th and west of the river , access to the tremont area is fairly limited . we took the w 25th street exit off i 90 , which turns into wade road , and turned left onto scranton road . i knew that i wanted to take a right turn onto kenilworth to get into the tremont neighborhood . on my left was a small orange construction sign that was half hidden behind a telephone pole . i read the words wordswordswordskenilworth detourwordswordswords and an arrow that pointed to the left . this did not make me happy . i knew that if i had to turn left for a detour either a) there would be no more signs telling me how to get into the tremont neighborhood and i would be driving around randomly trying to figure it out and b) i would be driving into a pretty sketchy neighborhood . luckily , as i reached kenilworth , i discovered that only the sidewalk was closed , not the street .

now , notice i used the term religion , and not god or spirituality . i have a great admiration for spiritual people who find peace and comfort in their beliefs and try to better themselves and help others . christian , buddhists , muslim , hindu-- i don't think it matters which path you follow , but rather how you live it . as john lennon once said , " whatever gets you through the night , man . " (don't be so impressed-- i got that from forest gump.) and contrary to what many believe about me , i am not an atheist . (my friend christi would tell you differently , but that's just because i'm not catholic.) i found god at a very young age , not through church (we never went to church growing up) or family , but on my own . i may not have the same ideas as others , but my relationship with god is between me and him , and i don't feel the need for anyone's approval about it .
featured songs include :
i need to know an idea of interested numbers for the museum visit in order to book it , so please register your interest using the same email as above .
some nights - fun
when did dividers start and how did it begin ? why did you choose the band name dividers ?
saturday morning at 5 a.m . , the cat came back .
it is the small things that usually trips me up - the children'swordswordswords stories and songs that i havenwordswordswordst heard , and the ones that i grew up with instead (would you believe that most danish children donwordswordswordst grow up with neither the wizard of oz nor snugglepot and cuddlepie ? ) - but it is also the inability of many to look beyond the borders , and think globally . the distrust of foreign things and multi-culturalism that people hold , thinking that anything foreign must be dangerous or less good .
among this percentage , being ignored and disrespected were the most common forms of cyber bullying .
we decided to have lunch at wayfare tavern , and as i was walking over from work , a middle aged gentleman asked me , " do you know how to get to montgomery and sacramento ? "
the music is also narrative in the best sense of the wordwordswordswordsit moves us to different points on an emotional spectrum while all the time leaving space for our own ; they allow for stories without insisting on them . another way of saying this is that ms keatingwordswordswordss music is like the river thatwordswordswordss changed each time you step into it . it shouldnwordswordswordst be surprising , given this characteristic , that zowordswords keating has also composed several film soundtracks as well as ballets .
can you believe that the derby is this weekend ? yippy ! !
fairly obviously , members of that media set potentially offer politicians four things : coverage biased in their favour , censorship of stories harmful to them , inside information on beartraps lying in wait for them , and overt party support in terms of money and/or editorial endorsement . in return , media moguls want access to power wordswordswords from a combination of egoistic and commercial motives .
when the police reopen the investigation , it casts suspicion on allie and her best friend , blake , especially as their budding romance raises eyebrows around town . allie knows she must tell the truth . can she reach deep enough to remember that night so she can finally break free ? debut writer jennifer shaw wolf takes readers on an emotional ride through the murky waters of love ,
my house had a kind of car park in the front . well , enough parking space for me and the next door neighbours . surrounded by a wall and quite clearly on private property .
it is of great comfort that in the midst of turmoil and change , the seasons provide a gentle backdrop of continuity and familiarity .
i learned through personal experience that college isnwordswordswordst a good place to find yourself , and that there are much better places for that . write a book . save the rainforest . teach english as a second language . revitalize your community . build a house . live somewhere that you donwordswordswordst speak the language . read this blog .
attached is the contract . simply download , fill in the blanks , and send it back to me . where it calls for your signature , you can type in your name and then add : (electronic signature valid and binding)
luck with you shall then be found ,
- park next to cart return bins at stores.* if your child is still in an infant seat , it lets you put the seat in a cart immediately and wheel it into the store , and allows you to return the cart after shopping without leaving your child at all . if your child is in a convertible seat and rides in the cart , you can put your child in the cart immediately and not have to worry about the danger of them bolting in a parking lot .
despite issues with waiting times and mediocre survival rates on some chronic diseases , canada ranks high in such aggregate indicators as healthy life expectancy , potential years of life loss , and survival rates from stroke . the 2005 court decision notwithstanding , canada's commitment to equality of access remains the signature statement of its health care system . and it has provided an object lesson that vermont may be taking to heart : single-payer need not start at the national level . as t . r . reid observes ,
when i got into line for the van ride to the hotel , it was jammed with more librarians and their accompanying identifying tote bags . and these weren't the " ssssh! " types from the 50s . they were all swaying to the sounds of the jazz band playing beside baggage pickup !
hermione granger has come a long way from the tangle-haired hogwarts freshman we once knew . the same goes for pretty emma watson , who plays hermione in the harry potter movies , and who started out as a wide-eyed newcomer to the world of acting when she was first cast .
the most divine knowledge of god is one which knows through unknowing
then stops and wonders if its even worth that effort ,
and the global initiative to
ribbon : my favorite things - pink lemonade**
we attended the mauldin city council meeting last night , to help a popular local businesswoman try and save her business , which also happens to be an indispensable upstate treasure . democracy in action ! well , we'll see how it goes .
information about the author : john corey whaley grew up in the small town of springhill , louisiana . he has a b.a . in english from louisiana tech university , as well as an m.a in secondary english education . he currently teaches at a middle school in shreveport , louisiana . where things come back is his first novel .
i wanted to show you how you make a star card . they will be perfect for the holidays . itwordswordswordss really easy and iwordswordswordsve made it even easier by making some templates for you to print so you wonwordswordswordst have to measure every triangle . this is what the card will (hopefully) look a bit like when itwordswordswordss done .
mary , mary , quite contrary , how does your garden grow ?
emmawordswordswordss sons edward and alfred returned to england while emma held the kingdom awaiting harthacnutwordswordswordss return from denmark . during this time , alfred was blinded and killed so edward fled back to normandy while emma went into exile in flanders . it was during this time she commissioned a biography of her life , written by a monk and finished around 1042 called wordswordswordsencomium emmae reginaewordswordswords . this is the primary source of information regarding emmawordswordswordss life .
if you find that you get shiny throughout the day don't apply more layers of this product as it will build up , leaving you looking plastered , rather apply an anti-shine oil absorbing powder where needed .
without education regarding human rights , many go without knowing what they , as a human , are entitled to . a more sinister product of this is that many donwordswordswordst understand what their fellow humans are entitled to . even in university some are ignorant about what rape is , with some not believing in marital or male rape at the hands of a woman .
i tried on a pair of jeans the next size down and i'm just not quite there yet , maybe about 5 more pounds and i will be . so i will have to keep wearing these for the time being despite the daily protests of my mother .
up until early this week i was part of a small niche in the electronics market : the ereader market . last december i received a kobo wifi for christmas . itwordswordswordss a small device with a black-and-white screen and is only really good for reading . but i loved it . and it broke my heart when it was stolen this week .
oh my ! this is so delicious ! i am overall not a number one fan of chocolates , but this is incredibly good ! if you love chocolates , please do make this ! it's not difficult to do , i would say it is quite simple and easy , and the end result is just fantastic ! the original recipe uses hazelnut , but since i have only walnuts , i use that instead . rachel says to serve it at room temperature , but we prefer it chilled , take it out from the fridge and leave it for about 5-7 minutes before serving . heavenly !
it is simple . sign up with tweetchat in advance here by linking your twitter account . when the party starts , sign into your tweetchat account and enter hashtag #pulsebook . this will automatically take you to a " private room " where all the other launch partygoers will be . chat in real time for the hour and when the party is over , just close the page .
choose your own adventure strength work-out redux
(end of scripture)
i went to christmas breakfast at my sister's house this morning and had about 1/4 cup of scrambled eggs , 4 bites of hash , 3 small bites of hubby's french toast and i was full .
throughout the rest of the 1980s i made my yearly pilgrimage to the tu-lane truck stop . fortunately we were in kitchener every year so i was able to have that chili several times in that decade . i never tried anything else on the menu--why would i when i needed my fill of a chili that made my mouth water just thinking about it .
and , if i don't find great photo ops , or women who agree to them , i'll substitute a news & views day . i do have lots to tell you .
in the 2000s , after a brief experiment in telling stories in their own separate series , jaime and gilbert reunited under the familiar love and rockets banner for a second series . gilbert's satiric wit and outlandish style are still intact , but somehow his work in recent years seems increasingly remote from the emotion and heft of his best stories , which is why he is sadly absent from this list . jaime , however , just keeps getting better . the locas-related stories in volume ii of love and rockets are some of his best work , examining his heroines on the cusp of adulthood , feeling that they now have to mature but reluctant to leave behind the wildness and fun of their youths . these are moving , graceful stories , about growing old , about making new starts , about body image and nostalgia and having a sense of home .
either way , i thought i'd tell you lot about it because , frankly , it's the most interesting thing that is going to happen to me today and at least it will save me wittering about the state of the publishing industry , or the evils of facebook .
also new to the shop are some star constellation charts i rescued from an old astronomy textbook from 1946 - really cool and i love the blue background on them !
i get changed into something suitably ' fashion ' and we head off .
sky garden 1:44:400
at this visit , we found out that she had gained a pound in the last 6 weeks . she is now tipping the scales at 29 pounds and is roughly 37 inches , bringing her bmi to 54% . this is amazing news ! 50% is average or median for her height and weight combined , and is compared to other children in her age group . 54% is completely proportionate ! i am so happy with that number !
she could bring you to tears
next stop was am solar in springfield , oregon ( http://www.amsolar.com/ 541-726-1091) where our good friend and all-around rv electrical wizard , greg holder , checked out our rv's non-performing inverter . he announced that it had an incurable boo-boo and installed a new , improved one (inverter , that is) . inverters are a (gulp!) big ticket item .
meiklejohn g , hall h . unusual outbreak of influenza a in a wyoming nursing home . j am geriatr soc 1987 ; 35 : 742-746 .
and by the time i leave , i look just fine .
wordswordswordswhat missionarywordswordswords ? wordswordswords grayson caught himself . wordswordswordsno , she didnwordswordswordst.wordswordswords he shrugged him off . wordswordswordsiwordswordswordsm positive she was kidnapped . you just write it up and get it in the papers . iwordswordswordsll contact the authorities . valderas already has a three or four day head start on us.wordswordswords
wanna play ? here are some instructions :
while i worked all day friday , my mom went grocery shopping , stopped at the party store , made the birthday cake (i did the decorating when i got home) , cut up fruit for fruit salad , and made the pizza dough for friday night's dinner . i don't think the party would have happened without her . dinner wouldn't have , either ! thank goodness for moms ! after we got the boys to bed , i decorated the birthday cake . it turned out pretty cute .
way back , when you were a kid .
brod got older . he kept his intentions with the kafka papers hidden . at some point he willed them to the library of israel , in a letter of intent . and then he named hoffe as the beneficiary of his will .
you rent your car in the nice airport or you have your personal car) rent youwordswordswordsr driver only for the mipim 2012 special package from 03/05/2012 to friday 03/10/2012 four days at disposal and two nice airport transfer
although there are some stand out moments on the album (wordswordswordsscribblewordswordswords and wordswordswordsalways loved a filmwordswordswords) , the rest of this record is as pop-tastic and shiney as the production itself which leans towards downright cheesy at times . there are good pop songs and albums released every second , underworldwordswordswordss barking is just another one for that pile . one has to wonder also , whose record this really is ; the influence of the collaborating producers can be clearly heard , where as the sound of underworld cannot .
multiple sources , including espn and the sporting news , are reporting that red sox gm theo epstein has agreed to a five year deal worth more than $15 million with the chicago cubs . while the sox and cubs are still discussing compensation for epstein , since he is still under contract with boston , sources are saying that finalizing the deal is close . epstein would most likely be named cubs president , a promotion from his role in boston .
so who are the people that iwordswordswordsve been happy to follow ? and did they have all of these traits ? what was it that won my respect and admiration ? the trait that stands out the most in that list to me is integrity . john adair describes it as wordswordswordspersonal wholenesswordswordswords and sticking to values such as wordswordswordsgoodness and truthwordswordswords . for me the most important thing a leader can show is honesty . thinking back the leaders i have been less inclined to follow are not the ones who didnwordswordswordst show traits such as confidence or enthusiasm , but those who did not act with honesty . i felt they were not being honest with me or themselves . i didnwordswordswordst trust them . part of being honest and showing integrity is the concept of wordswordswordspersonal wholenesswordswordswords , or being true to oneself . a good leader should not try to be someone else ; they need to be honest with themselves about who they are and what they believe .
i know john and anna in the community of dancers who meet every sunday morning , monday night , wednesday night , friday night . week after week . month after month . year after yearwordswordswords for closing in on two decades now . i see john here right next to me ; leaning slightly against me . wiggling . jumping up and down . dancing in quirky ways . music loud . people moving in ways thatwordswordswordsd get them arrested in any supermarket checkout line . such great joywordswordswords shared with each other . and morewordswordswordssomehow , magically , dancing is an antidote to suffering . the energy of dancing together ; that joy . transcendent . those who dance together are close knit family .
but times have changed , and the warehouse , which was designed in the egyptian revival style by cass gilbert , the architect of the woolworth building , has had a reversal of fortune .
i was recently thinking about inspiration and how ideas spread while watching this fascinating video on " influencers " (or " trendsetters") .
to have the holy spirit , for hewordswordswordss the one who brings boldness into your spirit
eco-friendly my ass .
jackie : we try to mix up our sets with short and long songs , usually playing the newest songs we wrote so we stay fresh and feel challenged . we rarely play the 20 minute songs and the older ones donwordswordswordst get rotated in very much . the audience is typically pretty attentive . i see some jaw dropping , some head banging , and a lot of smiles . there has been only one air cellist thus far , but i hope to see more of them in the future ! as for the type of people that attend our shows i would have to say itwordswordswordss a very mixed crowd . short-hairs and long-hairs , rockers unite !
travelling thousands of miles to land in a hailstorm . . poor buggerswordswordswords
for the average us$10 i paid for these (usual price around us$12 , but some were discounted) , theywordswordswordsre definitely worth the price ! physicians formula is actually one of the drugstore brands in the us which i really enjoy browsing as i find their products to be of good quality and theywordswordswordsre usually quite affordable .
do not compare
and this . . .
exterior : brewooine -- dunes .
today just needs to end . i hate feeling like i want to punch someone . iwordswordswordsm not a very violent person unless i need to be . basically people need to stay put of my way and not piss me off . my music today consist of , right now by korn , and raise hell by (hed) p.e .
i really enjoy meeting folk at craft fairs , i'm not shy and love chatting away at my craft stand or online for that matter . but put me in front of a camera and i freeze !
look , i make no apologies for the fact that iwordswordswordsm old enough to recall when kennedy and kruschev were engaged in a nasty game of chicken just off the shores of cuba ; when timothy leary was telling kids to turn on , tune in , drop out ; and when the entire family would gather around the tube on sunday night to watch ed sullivan get all warm and fuzzy with a faux mouse name topo gigo .
i don't know what i am grateful for . . . .
system is slightly different . instead of writing 750 words , i follow the rule of 200 . it has gotten me through my dissertation and the writing that i have done since . there is no website or digital tool (save for your trusted word-processing program) , and rules are pretty straightforward .
3 . hell to pay
or there might be some work to show , but the parents will still worry that the work might not reach the school standard for that age group , or it might exceed it . the point is that they're suddenly being judged and the risk of being incorrectly found wanting is very high . it's a sickening feeling , especially when the child was happy and learning well prior to the letter's arrival .
however , a lot of white people here in britain are imitating this crap . i see them every day in bristol .
closer look at the flower detail and border die , as you can see i've edged my flowers and pins with a hint of white acrylic paint too and added some gorgeous lace i've had in my stash a while , along with the cute little charm ,
thank you for calling in to see me . thank you if you left a comment to let me know you have been .and i hope you liked the card .
i can tell you that i may be moving dots and spots . . . . . . . . . .again , to slightly bigger premises !
to say athee is strong-willed would be an understatement . she is driven , determined , and accustomed to getting what she wants . a pilot of exceptional quality , she also possesses mental abilities that rival byronwordswordswordss skills . even worse , athee is determined to figure out what makes the solitary and reclusive cassan tick .
the picture has nothing to do with substitute teaching . i found it when michael and i were looking through our little kid pictures for the wedding video and i thought it was pretty adorable .
3 . fools rush in
now . here's a digression :
westinghouse electric and manufacturing building - the building is 25,200 square feet and its two great wings are 55 feet high . the great fountain in the center court , 120 feet high , plays a " synchronous symphony of color , sound and water . "
the association especially finds paragraphs g -4 and g-5 to be very troubling , along with the requirement of a 10 day notification in order to request that an item be placed on the agenda . paragraphs e , f , g-1 , 2 and 3 are very sufficient safeguards to ensure a productive , safe and orderly meeting and a five day notification would be reasonable .
exactly : or . because think what would happen if it all actually went right !
from the very beginning , i've always believed there to be some kind of connection between jill and christina . her birth was a miracle , her survival was a miracle , and i've always felt as though jill had a hand in that somehow .
heaven knows iwordswordswordsm miserable now wordswordswords the smiths (1984)
(jack) thanks , ural for taking the time to share your insights today . you are truly gifted .
wow , five days of posts ! art or idiocy ? is doing well . tomorrow (sat 10/28/6) is the museum of contemporary art's benefit auction . the marvelous affair is being held at the mca's warehouse . a novel mixture of high society and industrial ambience . art or idiocy ? was fortunate enough to be at the preview last week . of course we took photos , and they are up in a special flikr slide show . here
overnight the asian markets were mostly higher gaining 0.2% . most of europe was closed for may day , but the ftse gained 1.3% . us index futures were again relatively flat overnight . the market opened at spx 1397 , one point under yesterdaywordswordswordss 1398 close . in the first half hour of trading the market rose to spx 1400 , then dipped to 1396 . at 10:00 ism manufacturing was reported higher : 54.8 vs 53.4 , and construction spending turned positive : +0.1% vs -1.1% . monthly auto sales had been posted earlier with ford -5.0% , and gm -8.2% . the market then spiked up after the ten owordswordswordsclock reports and continued to rally . by 10:30 the spx had cleared the previous rally high at 1407 and continued higher . around noon the spx hit 1415 and began to pullback . heading into the close the spx hit 1405 and closed at 1406 .
tackling these piles can quickly get overwhelming , since it seems never ending . and if they don't get dealt with , the piles can create mass chaos . . . . i know , i have been there !
3/4 teaspoon salt
they opened that 3rd set with monster serves , and monster blocks at the net by dalhausser . it may have been 4 consecutive blocks by dalhausser against fabio . it ws surreal , the usually stoic dalhausser screaming with intensity as the teams switched sides of the court . it was a magical moment in an otherwise tense final that seemed to ebb & flow over the duration of the match .
the un humanitarian coordinator for somalia , mark bowden , voiced similar concern that the country could wordswordswordseasily slip back into very severe conditions,wordswordswords unless the current levels of assistance and support are maintained .
prince rainier writing to grace in the first month of their marriage in april 1956 .
i like her because she always looks like she's having the time of her life on stage , in her videos , in interviews , basically during anything that has to do with her music . seeing that kind of passion is inspiring , i think , especially since we all know that life isn't ever that much fun , and pursuing creative endeavors is especially scary . i find it enjoyable to watch someone who's having that much fun , and is so positive . (not that i wouldn't have fun being taylor swift!)
the counterrevolutionaries who interest schmitt are conservative catholic political philosophers . he picks out their emphasis on the necessity of a decision --starting above all with the necessity of a decision between catholicism and atheism . this focus allows them to comprehend and puts them in sympathy with the function of the state as decision .
she loved her students , never would
father , son , holy ghost .
wordswordswordsafter working with the mayorwordswordswordss office of operations regarding their scorecard cleanliness methodology , i am pleased with the legislation being put forth . the quality of life will be better for everyone in new york city when parking becomes easier and more available,wordswordswords said council member james . wordswordswordsthis is good news and should decrease the amount of expensive tickets given to drivers , as well as the hassle of moving cars . also , i believe that through giving community boards with high cleanliness ratings the option to reduce street cleaning , we are empowering communities to make independent decisions in the best interest of local residents.wordswordswords
some of those statements might not be true ? you decide .
i live in the bible belt . i am surrounded by southern baptist churches , conservative evangelicals , bigots and the klan . for me , this is just a reality and something i live with everyday . i was raised in church while living in a fairly free-thinking household . my mother encouraged my thoughts and my doubts . she listened to and answered as many of my questions as she could . she taught me how to find the answers she couldnwordswordswordst give me and how to think the research and discovery processes through . the one thing she also did was love me when i told her i might be gay .
i'm no picasso added a response to it , with an interesting post about the way women in kpop videos these days are taking on the male gaze directly - with hyuna as a prime example of that - rather than pretending it isn't there .
in a food processor : to make the crust , combine the flour , sugar , hazelnuts , and salt and pulse 2-3 times to mix . add the butter and pulse 8-10 times until the mixture forms large , coarse crumbs the size of small peas .
looking very good and taking first place in the street fwd was ken suen in the godspeed x sportcar motion honda civic si with a time of 2:01.872 . one of the great things about the street class is that you donwordswordswordst need to have a full blown race car and big budget to get into time attack racing . ken suen and the godspeed x sportcar motion honda civic si did a great job showing what a popular street car can accomplish on the track and i look forward to seeing many more teams bring everyday street cars and begin their time attack careers in the global time attack street class .
concept of citizenship
the monetary authority of singapore (mas) will probably allow the singapore dollar to appreciate , as a way to combat inflation . this is effective as a stopgap measure , but it doesnwordswordswordst address deeper flaws in the system .
" it's always a bloody friday afternoon , isn't it ? and it's always when it's bloody raining isn't it ? "
in fact , according to a may 2009 study led by a vaccine research team at kaiser permanente coloradowordswordswordss institute for health research which ran in the june 2009 issue of the journal wordswordswordspediatrics,wordswordswords children who arenwordswordswordst vaccinated are 23 times more likely to get whooping cough compared to fully immunized children .
about a year ago i saw a remarkable photo on a blog - the embrace of a mother and daughter . it had been a surprise reunion ; the daughter had arrived home without an announcement and somebody snapped the shot . i was astonished at the amount of emotion displayed by the mother's face even though so little of it was revealed . and i knew i would draw the embrace some day .

there's answers out there . . . . i don't know what the answers are , but there are people who do . there are people that have the answers . we need to get the world involved . we need to find those people . we need to find that one person that can make a difference . and if we can't find that one , we're going to find 100,000 of them . and we're all going to put our heads together and we're going to come up with a solution . . . if you really want to learn what suicide by bullying is all about , talk to the people who are living the nightmare . we haven't done ty's last load of laundry , because it still smells like him . we haven't washed his sheets because i can go in there and lay on his bed and still smell my boy . you want to learn what bullying and suicide is all
the rankings for the top 50 are based on hits from the tracker widget , as well as the number of library referrals (i.e . traffic generated from the library) .
another factor that raises serious doubts about the norwegian authoritieswordswordswords view on terrorism and organizations that advocate such measures is its preferential treatment of well-known terrorists living in the country . the most famous example is of course mullah krekar , who has been residing in norway for nearly twenty years , and who is constantly praising the use of terrorist attacks and is a passionate advocate of the introduction of a worldwide islamic caliphate . norwegian authorities have numerous times stated that they donwordswordswordst intend to deport him , nor do they intend to place him under arrest . mullah krekar is a free man living on norwegian welfare benefits , and according to some he is still running his vast terrorist network from the relative safe haven of norway . if norway had been a serious partner in the fight against international terrorism , and if norwegian authorities had been truly opposed to all types of terrorist activities , mullah krekar would have been extradited to the us a long time ago enabling us intelligence agencies to interrogate him , something which they have requested numerous times , but which the norwegian authorities have declined .
itwordswordswordss always been important to me to take poetry to places it doesnwordswordswordst normally go . i love being poet in residence at my beloved brighton & hove albion fc . my epic poem goldstone ghosts wordswordswords about my 46 years as an albion fan and our battle as fans to save our club from greedy moneymen wordswordswords adorns the wall in our new supporterswordswordswords bar and that means a lot to me .
i need to post new pics of ' the plot ' - my how it has grown , and the tomatoes are tomatoe-ing too . particularly the black russian . double yum .
i am undone .
itwordswordswordss important that we understand more about autism because it impacts all of us . almost everyone knows someone with autism , and it has an enormous impact on families , school systems , and communities . whether youwordswordswordsre trying to understand your nephew or a child in your daughterwordswordswordss class or youwordswordswordsre a businessperson trying to understand how to accommodate people with autism , autism touches your life wordswordswords or it will soon . the economic impact of autism wordswordswords which i use because it demonstrates how impactful autism is to families and communities , and money is easy to quantify wordswordswords is now just beginning to be well-understood as well . the autism society of america estimates that it costs 3.5 to 5 million dollars to care for a child with autism over his lifetime ; the united states spends almost $90 billion each year for autism . this figure includes research , health care , education , housing , transportation , etc .
baby spinach leaves
1 sensibilities
targeted strikes are wise . remotely piloted aircraft in particular can be a wise choice because of geography , with their ability to fly hundreds of miles over the most treacherous terrain , strike their targets with astonishing precision , and then return to base . they can be a wise choice because of time , when windows of opportunity can close quickly and there may be just minutes to act .
the key lessons to take back from this were :
save on :
7 . add sugar and simmer and cook for another 8- 10 mins .
harry carney (baritone sax)
note : you may use any stamps of your choice in our challenge entries . of course , we love to see what you create using waltzingmouse stamps images , but they are not required to play .
after spending thanksgiving day with my family in kentucky preparing food , eating food , napping after food , and good conversation and games , jeff and i set out for florida to spend the weekend visiting his family and friends in the tampa area .
you must have hurt someone
novelist mekkawi said saw the exclusion of academics as more extreme that than the former regimewordswordswordss appeasing pretenses , and predicted an impoverishment of the peoplewordswordswordss political consciousness as a result .
then there's this :
if you haven't seen my interview at houzz.com today , go here to check it out ! make sure to comment there for a chance to win the ballard pear ! (see previous post.) your comments over there are making . my . year . by the way . i am so honored to inspire you . i can't thank you enough for your support .
what does all this have to do with catchphrases and slogans ? well i believe that slogans are where poetry and business meet to make creative , suited up word babies . letwordswordswordss use a classic : wordswordswordsitwordswordswordss everywhere you want to be.wordswordswords (visa) . i canwordswordswordst be the only one who imagines days and weeks and months of endless whimsical travel at the mere mention of the word wordswordswordseverywhere.wordswordswords and visa not only encourages us to wordswordswordsbewordswordswords everywhere , it promises to be there with us like a dependable travel companion . magic , in six words . before you pack your bags and impulsively hop on a plane , letwordswordswordss look at some of the other slogans that may or may not have been influenced by common poetic techniques :
wordswordswordsrich in fascinating details about the art and culture of paris , hinawordswordswordss debut novel is a terrific literary love letter to the city of light . . . the writing itself is imbued with a stylish sense of wit.wordswordswords
and frames capture
i havenwordswordswordst made any announcement yet , but i am thinking about retiring at the end of the year . iwordswordswordsm getting tired.wordswordswords
iwordswordswordsm not involved in this teen drama-dy .
i will not be making any public comment on the nature of these allegations to the media as they relate to legal issues that must remain confidential in order not to compromise the investigation .
i've been away for a few days and thought that now i'm back i'd be changing my tune , but the short story is keeping afloat as a subject . the longlist has been announced for the prestigious frank o'connor award for a collection of stories , and on the list alongside alice munro and david malouf appear authors from independent british publisher salt , chrissie gittins , jay merill and john saul .
by the time he arrived , the complainant had caught and handcuffed the two suspects .
recently , i wrote about the freedom my kids have . i mentioned some of the extremes this freedom has taken us to as a family , while i emphasized that we usually experience balance . i said the following :
in mark 8:31-38 , jesus tells his would-be followers that discipleship is all about a willful determination to give it up and take it up . after giving the inside scoop as to what was aheadwordswordswordsthat jesus himself would be rejected by the authorities , that he would suffer cruelty at their hands , and that this suffering would lead to death and eventual resurrection , peter , the spokesman for the twelve , rebuked jesus and quickly dismissed this route of suffering . jesus responded by saying , wordswordswordsif anyone would come after me , he must deny himself and take up his cross and follow me.wordswordswords (mark 8:34 niv) .
-irish curse is avoided with a pin attempt !
thief's covenant : pyr hardcover , february 2012 , 272 pages , cover art by jason chan . a young adult fantasy , thief's covenant reached the second round with a hard-fought first-round victory over mark hodder's expedition to the mountains of the moon .
there are circumstances where it is difficult not to be angry , but even in them ; we can find a better way of handling it without hurting someone else in the process . sometimes the solution can be as simple as speaking with the person who is making us angry to find a resolution , or distancing ourselves from people who seem to purposely try to anger us .
but this assumes cost is only manufacturing cost . what about distribution through the supply chain as it makes its way to the supermarket shelf ? it costs more to supply the shop farthest from your distribution depot than it does the one nearest . what about the cost base of the farmer producing the agricultural commodities ? he is growing stuff based on last yearwordswordswordss commodity prices and will sell it at this years , at a loss if he has to , because if he doesnwordswordswordst it gets ploughed into the ground and he gets no money back . he isnwordswordswordst in business to make a loss but in a bad year minimising losses is better than losing everything .
4b . time & space wordswordswords tel 238
wordswordswordscould neurotic people meow like paranoid siamese cats ? wordswordswords
and lucky you , i have a gift card to shabby apple for 1 lucky winner ! !
the new faithgirlz ! bible was developed especially for girls ages 9 to 12 . everything in it is written with a tween girlwordswordswordss experience in mind , and it features the most popular bible translation in the world , the new international version . the features explain hard-to-understand things in the bible and guide girls to put the scripture to work in their own lives . the faithgirlz ! bible focuses on sharing faith with friends and gives real ways for girls to do that .
but , no matter what the spirit reveals to you , you will find your faith and trust in jesus deepening . and as you experience his power to change your heart , his grace will flow out of you , helping everyone around you to experience that very same healing , freedom , and lasting joy .
it is still possible to attract the smartest candidate to your company , regardless of the workforce trend that has led companies to miss out on hiring the best . beat the workforce trend , by adapting these well known practices .
intellectual property laws amendment (raising the bar) act 2012
these charming earrings are from a local sf shop , covet . they only carry sf jewelry designers . this would be perfect for my best friend , sister , sils or even mr . spice's step sisters :
cora (family name) - taken
-i love playing dirty santa .
from the lovingly detailed pirate ships to the cobbled streets of victorian england , aardmanwordswordswordss stop-motion animation renders a wholly convincing , endearing world whose scope and detail are enhanced by subtly used computer graphics , which beautifully complement the animatorwordswordswordss eight-inch high plasticine models .
julianna will be appearing on jewel school this weekend !
a smiling face with a shattered life
the institution of citizenship is undergoing a period of intense scrutiny in academia and political practice . the widening and deepening of the european union , the social inclusion of migrant populations and the economic inequalities emphasised by the repercussions of the financial crisis are just a few examples of processes which today urge a renewed assessment of citizenship as a normative ideal and a political project .
when i visited a different hairdresser for balayage recently (different country) , she was completely mystified about why my other stylist would have told me to stop using conditioner but agreed my hair was definitely in good shape despite it . this always seems to happen wordswordswords one hair stylist tells you something , another tells you something completely different .
hope you like it , make sure you play along ! !
student prostitution is continually reported as being a massive issue that needs urgent government attention . students are apparently being forced into the sex industry against their will , but are they ?
the snake is one of the symbols of thoth .
aei acquires beijing macrolink gas 20
nasty pop : crow
and then , added irshad : i was stunnedwordswordswordsyour message took me back into the 60s , to beautiful days of our meetings at delhi coffee house wordswordswords . those meetings played a very important role in my life,wordswordswords.am thankful to my coffee house friends . their critique helped me become a pantomime . you , rg anand and balraj komal were my main critical guides . m s mudder who put me on stage on and on (with whom iwordswordswordsm still in contact) and o p kohli (died decades ago) who used to do the lights for mewordswordswordstwo years back , moderator of german tv show wordswordswordsweltspiegelwordswordswords (world mirror) navina sudarum , niece of painter amrita sher-gil , sent me the newspaper cutting relating to dr.charles fabri (the statesman dance critic) , who loved and encouraged me as you also know . it was a lovely and very important time for us all , that we can never forget .
victor d hosts jazz on bush , where smooth jazz lives . dr victor takes you a fantastic jazz journey , interviewing artists and playing only the best in international , local (especially that specialcape townflavour) music
interestingly provocative piece on the guardian book blogs a few days ago from andrew gallix , asking if e-literature is a big anti-climax ? i've definitely been disappointed at the way the web has gone in terms of literature - and i'm part of the problem - commentary rather than creativity . in fact , like the music business , its often the conventional rather than the experimental who have made the web their own . if in music its bands like king crimson and marillion communing with their fans , then on the web its writers like susan hill giving access to her readers . where are the new , the young , the experimental ? the web as a medium for all of those things is certainly that - but perhaps not in literature .
today , i managed to do some house cleaning , get some computer work done and managed to make a nice large pot of soup without mucking it up (you can exchange the ' m ' for another letter) . it is a tasty vegetable soup just packed full of vitamins and goodness .
keep faith in your dead -
his being there highlighted the value of an alternative perspective on things , the wonders of a reference to multiple sources , the deep fulfilment in a constant struggle to know the best approach . this struggle is likely a very general thing , something fundamental to a universe in which it appears just one of potentially many possibilities is experienced . if the federation was this , worf's essence as a character , it might have been a worthwhile venture , and on that level , through worf , tng may have kept that early radicalism alive .
wordswordswordslucky star.wordswordswords
2 tbsp fresh mint , chopped
it is the gospel , after all .
women's 1500 - defending champ maryam jamal (brn)cranked out a stunning 3:56.55 ! crushed the field with a grinding last lap . 3:59.98 for christin wurth thomas as she takes second place ! continuing her improvement and showing that she is not afraid to get in there and run .
he ordered the two sentences to be served consecutively .
how was your weekend with all of the mothering business going on ? i'm going to keep it real and say that one of the best gifts i received was my husband taking the boys on an a camping trip . ..way better than the chocolate covered strawberries . sunday then brought breakfast in bed (in which i had to get back into bed and pretend i hadn't already been up preparing to have our family to church by 8am) . it was worth all of the effort because the kids got to sing to the mothers and i felt really good about them and my opportunity to raise them . i love celebrating woman who mother in all different capacities . i remember years past feeling either sad that i could not have kids or guilty that i wasn't doing a good enough job once they did decide to make all of their appearances at the same time . this year i was determined to not let any deterrents get in the way of absolutely having a pleasant mothers day . ..and phew it worked! ! !
pearl jam black us
a rabble-rousing right-wing talk show host has been stirring up trouble . no , not that one : don't be so us-centric . i'm talking about egypt's tawfiq okasha , who seems to have provoked today's clashes between pro-scaf and anti-scaf protesters outside the us embassy in cairo . okasha , who as publicly supported the supreme council of the armed forces and denounced the release of the detained us and other foreign ngo workers , urged protests against the us embassy and support for scaf . (yes , scaf gets $1.3 billion from the us annually . yes , there's no way the ngo workers could have left egypt without scaf signing off on it , but since no one has publicly admitted to lifting the travel ban , it must have been a plot . don't try to be too analytical here : it will give you headaches.) anyway , a pro-scaf , anti=american protest assembles outside the embassy , demanding the " deportation " of the us ambassador (to israel , since israel had to enter in somewhere here) .
" glowing with the returned auras of emotion , the two men weep . . . then turn and embrace over the ashes of feeling , the dust of sacrifice . here , it is warm . . . outside it is bitterly cold . perhaps no one else , on any world , would understand . "
they have a grip over all the tv studios , all the newspapers , the radio stations , hollywood studios , you name it .
bull & bush pub & brewery man beer
i always find it funny when i read the names that pattern books have given to their blankets because i find by the time i stitch them they usually have nothing to do with their name . i tend to latch on to a pattern if i like the look of it , then immediately start planning what colours and what kind yarn i'd like to have it stitched in .
the rest of my classes flew by , and i was back in the room before too long . andrew and i watched a couple of episodes of how i met your mother before he had to go to work , at which point i pulled out my paperback copy of mitch albomwordswordswordss tuesdays with morrie , the book that iwordswordswordsve read at least once a year since i first read it for school in 8th grade . in case you donwordswordswordst want to do the math , that means that this was at least my 7th time reading it , maybe even my 8th or 9th . in any case , tuesdays with morrie is the one book that iwordswordswordsve read more than any other book iwordswordswordsve ever read . i love it . if you havenwordswordswordst read it , you should . iwordswordswordsve learned a lot from this book and from the lessons it teaches ; itwordswordswordss the only book that iwordswordswordsve willingly highlighted material in . it can change your life if you let it ! anyway , i picked it up , started reading nonstop , and had it finished less than 3 hours later . so good !
i finally managed to install the sims 3 on my trusty new macbook last night . one of the most entertaining things about the game , is creating the sims that you later play with . yes , i love playing the charaters of course , but half the fun is creating sims and styling them later and all that girlie stuff . well , it is a girlie game afterall .
instead of treating the white race as if it were neutral , tarantino puts the black man in charge to bring the existence of the white identity into plain view . thus , african americans would benefit from this representation in the text , as the film places the black man in charge over the white man , and consequently shatters assumptions that anglo americans are superior .
paradise lost : enchantment
finally , you scare me because if you serve a second term i will probably not feel safe in writing a similar letter in 8 years .
my mind is set on re-decorating my house . my style has changed and i want my home to reflect that taste .
i donwordswordswordst agree with the gov . but thatwordswordswordss a personal , selfish type of thing . i like being a fly-over , drive thru , sort of place , and iwordswordswordsm not sure i like the idea of the world in general knowing we have diamonds hidden in . . . well , the weeds .
by the time we got them home , my prize fish were getting a little ripe in the july sun , so , in the indian tradition , they became fertilizer in my parentswordswordswords garden . these days , iwordswordswordsm a little more sophisticated in my fishing equipment and a little more discriminating in what i fish for , but i have never lost that joy . the joy of the little tug at the end of the line or the dance of the bobber on a warm july evening . the fever rages , but i donwordswordswordst want to be cured .
wordswordswordsmidnight felt too much of a writing exercise to be really scarywordswordswords
i read his email . his rant , his spew of word carefully chosen to manipulate me , to make me feel guilty . it was incredibly long , but i read every word . the expected response was to cry and beg his forgiveness , to promise anything and some how i would end up being the bad guy and him the wronged one . a track of emotional abuse that i had been running for almost a year . and i was having trouble keeping up .
quick banana bread
today is my day off . i actually have an early day off since this coming sunday is inventory sunday at work . after today , i will have to work the next 6 days in a row before i am off again . i will be glad to get thru this week .
the peppermint joe-joes are absolutely terrific . crisp chocolate cookies with a cream inside . except this filling is more creamy , less grainy that even the oreo original . plus , it is laced with shards of peppermint candy . this is a " sealed box " type of cookies -- as in " you need to keep the box closed or you'll eat them all . "
the exhibition runs until april 14th and is well worth a visit .
are all trans fats bad ? no . and this is where things can get a little bit complicated , and why mandatory labeling of foods with trans fats could cause some real problems . remember when i said that most naturally occurring carbon-carbon double bonds in unsaturated fatty acids are cis ? well , most is not all . small amounts of trans fatty acids are found in the milk and meat (in the fat) from ruminants (cow , goat , sheep , deer) .
catalogue listing
file under ;;; ; strange brew . .punkadoo
we then headed on over to the klein venedig or little venice which is a colony of picturesque's fishermen houses from the 19th century along one side of the river regnitz . i expressed a desire to live in one of those homes . this stunned my friend(she is german) . she wouldn ' have chosen such a place . " just think of all the hochwasser( flood) " she says . .:d so much for my wishful thinking .
cos i sell what i dont need . . . means they would be just rubbish . ..but they can be at ' 100yen ' at a flea market !
now , i know that many of the us athletes just arrived in europe and haven't gotten rid of their jet lag just yet , but those were some serious beat downs , and not the way you want to look with the world championships just around the corner !
im standing still
in the sand . i think every mother has a secret favorite photo of each of their kids . ..and this is my favorite of my little man . even though it doesn't even show his face , looking at this picture always takes me back to the exact instant that i took this picture on the shores of lake tahoe in 2005 . i love that you can see just a peek of his diaper in the picture . yes . ..he was in a diaper at the beach . totally redneck , i know , but that's the way we roll sometimes .
i had occasion to stop by the redneck central general horspital and sock emporium a few days ago , visiting mum (she was in with a generally non-threatening by mighty unpleasant ailment) . i drove around and around the parking lot before deciding to bend reality a little and park in the clergy spaces . now , don't fret ; i am clergy , an ordained minister in fact . it's just that i wasn't really there for clerical purposes , unless you consider clean frilly-unmentionables as spiritually uplifting , which , now that i think of it , i do , so there .
while i was there i met becky , giving out tasters of a splendid garlic & herb chorizo , by ' the bath pig ' http://www.thebathpig.com/
thinking from inside , rather than reacting to stimuli ?
let him be
today one state lawmaker applauded og&e for offering a free weatherization program for oklahoma seniors . democratic leader danny morgan of prague commended og&e for their efforts to assist citizens in reducing energy costs .
the inquiry report is due back may 24 , although it is not clear when it will be released to the public . the course cancellation and review were first reported by wired magazine april 24 .
shawn and i are really starting to bond with our son . until now , we've been hesitant to let those tender feelings actually overtake us . now we're letting it sink in and just happen .
and then suddenly , my peaceful morning is not quite so peaceful anymore .
" oh , i don't really see it . "
gillard was now prime minister and the us remained busy containing the fallout from collateral murder when the afghan diaries appeared on 25 july 2010 . less than a month later , on 20 august 2010 , the sex allegations in sweden against assange materialised . stratfor analyst parsley bayless confirmed the connection when he wrote on 1 december 2010 in an internal email released by wikileaks :
in a small bowl mix hartshorn and milk . set aside .
10 . to the unknown man - vangelis / 9:07
barriers to understanding pain are starting to fall and scientists and drug firms say a fresh approach is producing potential new drugs to hit where it hurts .
in 1989 , a large subset of the internet was launched : the world wide web . the ' web ' is a massive collection of html pages that transmits through the internet's hardware . you will hear the expressions ' web 1.0' , ' web 2.0' , and ' the invisible web ' to describe these billions of web pages .
answering the right way is key in this savage world , that you are no longer just living in , but beginning to own !
you get the idea .
10 . peace in the valley
9 . conclude with holy god (repeat three times)
and in honor of this lovely spring weather , a blue morpho butterfly
we will open the prison doors and send home everyone busted for pot
saturday was the perfect , crappy rainy day .
leftover from my sister's bachelorette party .
the gris-gris grabs you from the first track , the title song , in which weird jungle noises give way to a throbbing bass and frenzied snare pounding out a beat punctuated by a slinky electric organ . the doctorwordswordswordss familiar crescent city drawl sounds right at home amid the groove .
anurag batra on how the print media can capitalise on a digital presence .
i know a whole family who operates like this . they blame and shame and tear down but never stop to see the hideousness of their own behavior . the son held a grudge towards his parents for favoring his little sister , something he felt set him up for a life of failures . this lead to several , years long , estrangements between him and his parents . theywordswordswordsd say something he didnwordswordswordst like , and hewordswordswordss cease all contact with them for years . i simply could not wordswordswordsget itwordswordswords until i spoke to his parents during one of these estrangement periods . his parents told me stories of his lifelong habit of lying , his inability to keep a job , and about the time , when he was 19 or 20 , when he came home from work late at night and woke his father up several times in a row , so they told him to move out . that had happened 25 years prior ! yes , i did have an wordswordswordsaha momentwordswordswords about the sonwordswordswordss behavior at that point . it had been modeled for him all of his life . i have seven kids and i have been awakened more than once by one coming home late at night . my response was always , wordswordswordsthank you,god ! they are home and safe.wordswordswords then i went back to sleep . sadly , narcissists do not learn to forgive , and let go , and move on , nor do they want to learn .
we foraging students quickly learned to operate within the three parallel economies at work , as the old system fell away and nothing even vaguely organized emerged to replace it .

i value the opinions of those , like yourself , who challenge pc . iwordswordswordsm curious why some , like yourself , go to a certain point and stop . you seem intelligent and forthright on so many other issues . why do you stoop to pc ad hominem when an otherwise rational discussion turns to criticism of jews ? why do you distort and extremify the positions of those who , like myself , donwordswordswordst give any special dispensation to jews ? perhaps youwordswordswordsll write about this . we need more open discussion of this problem that goes beyond calling people names .
serve hot or cold .
and another example from an ebisu bicycle . you can see how the individuality of the cut of the lugwork interacts with the colour of the paint to create subtle variations in form and shade . the stay caps (those narrow diagonal pieces that taper to meet the main lug) can be rounded or pointy , flat or concave , stubby or elongated .
tensions between macedonians and the albanian minority spiraled after a rumour spread that the killers might have been albanian .
my mom was also a big fan of terry mcmillan novels , so of course i also watched " waiting to exhale " with herwordswordswordsand she got uncharacteristically embarrassed by one of the sex scenes . afterward , i basically stole the soundtrack from her , listening to it nonstop in my room .
roll on autumn , i'm ready for you !
if you remember nothing else from this polemic , remember this : choice matters . distilled to its sui generis , unschooling is unique by virtue of the fact that it is purely autodidactic or learner-controlled . every other pedagogic process is didactic , authoritarian , homilectic , autocratic , and any other synonym you can think of for teacher-controlled . every one of them . yes , some more than others but , at the core , every other system is rooted in control of the student by an authority figure .
believe it , itwordswordswordss true !
update : i've nearly finished editing with two of my alpha readers . their feedback has been amazing . both of them loved it and said they had to do mostly line edits because it doesn't really need content edits .
so on the spring break the kids had we went to cape cod . ..the place us cool people living in new hampshire like to refer to as , " the cape" . :) . ..and while in " the cape " one must visit the cape cod potato chip factory . so we did , and it was good .
u . s . foreign relations with the nuclear equipped country pakistan comes to mind . yet their governing officials and military hierarchy appear to be at odds internally over the true nature of our two countries relationship . billions of u.s . tax dollars are given annually to aid this nation . where do our monies go , especially during this time when our own nation faces financial difficulties ? are our dollars wending their way into funding weapons and support for taliban troops fighting u.s . soldiers ? are our dollars lining the pockets of pakistan officials ? are our dollars actually aiding an appreciative pakistan citizenry ?
those on above-average earnings will have greater affordability but unless they are prepared to settle for the wordswordswordsaveragewordswordswords dwelling above , the wedge proportion will remain the same though as size increases , the density is likely to fall somewhat .
cd 2 : tuffty's intro / from a pebble thrown / pebbles instrumental / might-have-beens / upper sixth loan shark / banker bets , banker wins / swing it far / adrift and dumbfounded / old school song / wotton bassett town / power and spirit / give till it hurts / cosy corner / shunt and shuffle / a change of horses / confessional / kismet in suburbia / what-ifs , maybes and might-have-beens / tuffty's outro band intro
i got home at 9.30 last night from moving delicate stuff like tvs and computers in the car !
stay tuned to the blog for more information about ics as it nears release .
thankfully eastern europe , the indie space and selective developers in japan still seem to be producing the kind of stuff that intrigues me . iwordswordswordsm not complaining , really , therewordswordswordss still stuff out there . just reflecting .
(see uncle doc's recipe for turtle soup)
stuff with it and no matter how hard the puter guy
all the time departments , titles and contact people in organisations seem to change . who you spoke to last week is not who you need to speak to this week .
i promise iwordswordswordsll get you home .
with the whisper of his breath
arbelo shirz
i posted a copy of the dvd my animation is on , for some reason , haha !
plenty of 13-year-olds want to become doctors when they grow up . mallory kievman is one of them , but she already has a pretty impressive extracurricular achievement to bolster her med school application : mallory is ceo and founder of a company that might just cure one of the worldwordswordswordss oldest and most annoying maladies , the hiccups . kievman is preparing to launch her product , the hiccupop , a hiccup-stopping lollipop of her own invention . she has a patent pending , financial backers , and a team of business consultants (in training) . herewordswordswordss her story :
waffle with berries n cream
here is the deal with advertising on my blog . ..i can't keep up with it . i love the idea of it . i love supporting other small business . especially the etsy-based ones . i just can't ever remember to takes ads down and send people renewal emails . consider it one too many things on my plate .
place flour , sugar , yeast , oil and salt in a mixing bowl .
age : 32
the true vine provides life to the branches , and , because the branches are wordswordswordsinwordswordswords the vine , they are secure . only god can give and preserve life . the two words that john 6:35 and john 15:1 have in common are wordswordswordsi am.wordswordswords
i found this recipe back in the winter in the weekend section of the newspaper . itwordswordswordss got all good things in it (carrots , apples , eggs , wholewheat flour and bran) and a very small amount of some not so good things (brown sugar) . with the amount of brown sugar used , it comes out to about 1/2 tsp per muffin . and as usual , i tweeked it a bit to still work with sbd . because of the brown sugar , itwordswordswordss more suited to phase 3 .
i was interested in how the impressabilities would translate to vellum , so i tried some different ideas , and posted my results for you .
simply put : i won't get a voter's id card when i don't yet have my national id card . my national id card will live long after elections are over !
nature's symphony !
52 there
leo sayer's at number 1 .
alister mcgrath
isbn-13 : 978-1462705566 :
lying in ruin
the adverts were due to start running last week on london buses . the slogan , wordswordswordsnot gay ! ex-gay , post-gay and proud . get over it!wordswordswords , was a response to an ongoing bus advertising campaign being run by the gay rights group stonewall which states : wordswordswordssome people are gay . get over it.wordswordswords within two hours of the guardian revealing that the ads had been booked , they were cancelled by johnson , who said : wordswordswordsit is clearly offensive to suggest that being gay is an illness that someone recovers from and i am not prepared to have that suggestion driven around london on our buses.wordswordswords his rivals in the campaign to become the next london mayor , ken livingstone and brian paddick , also condemned the adverts .
belt , oasis wordswordswords19
on the wrong side of the material draw lines m-n and o-p parallel to the fold line x-y and wordswordswordswordswords away from the fold line , these are the seam lines.divide the fabric above the line m-n and below the line o-p in to squares as shown in the figure 3 by drawing lines . cut along these lines till you reach lines m-n and o-p .
or performing acrobatics of sin while
ten cds by the fall you should wordswordswordsvisitwordswordswords before you die : a luggage sellerwordswordswordss guide
after debating with myself . . . .for what seems like forever . . . .i've finally decided on some new dining chairs .
over the main entrance is a lead statue which could do with a bit of a clean . the date on the pedestal beneath the ladywordswordswordss feet is mdccvi (1706) , revealing this to be one of our shortest reigning monarchs , queen anne . the statue originally stood on the previous guildhall which queen anne extended .
then , when they walk out of high school , they find that they're hosed . they've wasted some of the most important years of their life trying to fit into some ridiculous notion of what's " cool . " my foundation , the big brain club , isn't about straight a's or honor rolls (although we like those) ; our mission is to help young people become the best versions of themselves . we help students visualize what really matters going forward , and how what they do in a classroom today has a cascading effect on the rest of their lives .
it appears he , along with longtime buffy writer drew goddard , wrote cabin in the woods to drive the stake home that horror movies are getting just stupid .
season with sea salt and freshly ground black pepper
at the other end of the age spectrum is dr . marc agroninwordswordswordss how we age ($25.00 , da capo press) . a geriatric psychiatrist , the author is currently the medical director for mental health and clinical research at miami jewish health systems . out of his experience working with older folks , he has gained interesting insights regarding aging today . the result is that , while aging includes some inevitable decline , it can also be a period of vitality , wisdom , creativity , and hope . for anyone with aging parents or who is aging , this book can provide some comforting information . i personally had parents that both lived into their 90s and , despite some physical problems , remained mentally alert and involved to the end .
on december 17th , 2010 , president obama signed a bill extending the bush tax cuts for the wealthiest americans for another two years .
improve blood pressure , increase energy levels and improved bone health just to
29 . coming to your city -- big & rich
" yah , you come coffee (dutch words) . appel coek . more dutch words . "
i used the original install disc that came with my imac . i got the same error through disk utility (invalid index key) . so i got a copy of disk warrior's boot dvd to try and repair it that way . it could look at all the data on the drive , but said the drive had sustained physical damage and could not rebuild the directory . it couldn't even let me get to the files on the drive so i could scoop them up and put what would fit on the external drive .
i also got a free scarf . the scarf is a very soft , light and filmy chiffon with a slight sheen to it which is not apparent in the photograph . the fabric is very sheer and semi-transparent so it would need to be wrapped over more than once (and possibly worn with an underscarf that includes neck coverage) if worn as a hijab but it is thin enough that i donwordswordswordst think this would feel bulky) .
d) july
saturday , august 06 2011
wordswordswordsheyla , shield-maiden,wordswordswords he began in a voice as rich and smooth as rare drenieval whiskey . the underlying lethal heat in his voice could rob the unwary of their senses . wordswordswordsi have not seen you here afore.wordswordswords he held out a hand . wordswordswordsmy name is cianan.wordswordswords
*note : we encourage getting a base down before hand or during the crawl , so the first place on the list has food , and there are numerous cool food trailers all over the crawl route!l
whisper is an exhilarating debut novel from talented newcomer phoebe kitanidis .
the strawberry cake ! and it was so good - especially the frosting . the dessert table at my family's easter dinner was overflowing : flour-less chocolate torte with strawberries , oreo delight (a family favorite) , and pineapple upside down cake with whipped cream . needless to say , we're all wearing our fat pants today .
thanks for stopping by , please take a moment to follow my new blog and to increase your chances of winning blog candy you will want to leave comments on all bloggers ' posts .

now look at how alona describes it : wordswordswordsi shivered in the cool morning breeze . it was 7:00 a.m . , or a little past , on the first day in may , and it wasnwordswordswordst nearly warm enough to be out walking around in the stupid thin t-shirt and short shorts they made us wear for gym.wordswordswords this also gives us a very clear image of what this morning is like , but we experience it through her eyes . we are completely focused on her world , her experiences , how she is letting us see this .
whatwordswordswordss great about katw is that it gives the local children hope and a place to play . when we were in louisiana and guatemala the kids were so incredibly excited to try out the new playground that was made . here are some pictures from guatemala :
i donwordswordswordst want to spoiler you too much , but there is a lot of wordswordswordstangled web we weavewordswordswords madness that unfolds with every passing episode . mystery supply drops , incommunicado government , relationship triangles and army mercenary typeswordswordswords and the first seasonwordswordswordss not even done !
the word " vulnerable " comes from the latin vulnus , which means to wound . and this is exactly what the left has been doing to conservative women like palin -- terrorizing and wounding them .
featuring talented songwriters from around the globe , the songsalive ! showcases are the best industry secret , a great happening all around the world . songsalive ! showcases are a very cozy , intimate and acoustic environment where media and music industry representatives often drop by to check out the latest talent . showcase your music and support our songsalive ! national and international live events and showcases presenting songwriters and artists of original music . showcases are conducted globally .
jacek laszczkowski (nerone)
the closer the back dowel gets to the heddle , though , the smaller and more disorganized the shed gets . why disorganized ?
3/4 cup lite mayo

we had such dreams , that i could be
iwordswordswordsm not a scientist . i struggled mightily with science in college . it seemed like so much algebra and expensive names and tiny germy things i didnwordswordswordst understand . but when i first heard science explained in easy words , i became keen on it , as keen as commander keen was on eating digital chocolate bars . (if you are not from the 80wordswordswordss , and that made no sense to you , do not feel bad . you are normal . if you are from the 80wordswordswordss , iwordswordswordsm so sorry . i understand . me too.)
clevelandwordswordswordss strongly held , but long forgotten , jeffersonian ideals promoting the idea that the government should stay out of the lives of the people have died away in our modern era . but what have been the fruits of government paternalism ? trillions wasted on anti-poverty programs that have not solved the problem of poverty , and trillions given to business for bailouts and job creation , which has created no prosperity nor solved the financial crisis .
itwordswordswordss not too much of a spoiler , given the bookwordswordswordss title and the cover tagline , wordswordswordshow do you solve your own murder ? wordswordswords to reveal that eva spends a lot of the book trying to find out who is responsible for her death .
the exercise was to work in primary colors : red , yellow and blue . easy , right ? not when the yellow ceramic is soft , pale shade wordswordswords and my pencils are all strong colors . i managed to get the teapot and the mug done in two hours , when the teacher finally came by to take a look .
the process for obtaining permanent residence based on marriage to a u.s . citizen when the foreign spouse is overseas is composed of two phases : (1) the i-130 visa petition ; and (2) the immigrant visa application and consular interview .
marxism and cosmopolitanism
summer surprised us , coming over the starnbergersee
im sure there were many many more books i missed but i was happy with what i saw .
3 . michelob lager
1 . while waiting for the flight to coron (in manila) , we went to resort world , located nearby manila airport wordswordswords terminal 3 . learned how to play roulette from one of my friend , i started playing and won about 400pesos , hahaha yes , little amount but was very exciting .
and not die . sixty-three , she said , like a question of him .
* you illustrated a hen in the wardrobe with some lovely images . a bit like the chicken and the egg - which comes first ? (see what i did there!) do you write the story first or do your drawings inspire ideas for your story ?
britain , france , egypt and some other nations supporting the resolution said it sends a powerful and clear message to the syrian government .
the flowers are on the wallpaper ,
(pb ; 1961 , 1979)
another entry into this months crafters companion blog challenge : four legged friend
this rout ensures rangers will finish the season second in the scottish premier league . that in itself has never been a cause for celebration at ibrox but in these troubled , administration-hit times , rangers take every form of solace they can get .
a journalist was ducking around with a camera and talking to two girls . they talked of bulldozers . two army cars with guns . posessions in the tents just destroyed . the journalist asked were there photographs of last night . some online , apparently , but not much . phones had been deliberately broken .
late stage products 12
about islam , the less said the better ; let it suffice that it belongs in neither boat . it is a basic rule that the louder the clamor of exclusive franchising rights to god and the stiffer the penalty for disbelief , the greater the distance to god . islamwordswordswordss distance is the greatest .
" what ? " her turn to squint at him . she blinked , tried to relax . " what point ? who to ? "
" those clouds look ominous , maybe we should go back ? " one of us suggested but the other waved the idea away . we'd already been caught in the rain once today and scurried under one of the bridges crossing the seine where we stumbled on an impromptu street magician show . it turned into a entertaining foray -- damp parisians and tourists huddled around a man with fewer teeth than buttons on his morning coat as he spent time queuing up c+c music factory on his ipod .
my most favorite part of all ,
nope . i found a pulse .
one last thing : usually , an equal number of stitches will be on each of the two holder needles when working a three needle bind off . sometimes , however , you wind up with an uneven number , either by accident or design . in such a case , you have two choices :
i was asked a lot of questions wordswordswords good questions , hard questions ! what was i still doing now that had helped me lose weight ? what habits was i still practicing at this point ? i came up with drinking water , tracking food , walking 10,000 steps wordswordswords though i should be more diligent with all these . (just re-ordered a fitbit yesterday as mine went awol a few weeks ago and iwordswordswordsve given up finding it . the good news is that itwordswordswordss a new and improved version . and this time i think iwordswordswordsm going to pay the modest annual fee for the extra features online , which others have said are helpful.) and in terms of habits , i should have also said weighing daily , and setting goals .
i hope if you have never subscribed to this magazine , you will take my advice and subscribe now . seriously , consider it an early christmas or birthday present for yourself . this is the kind of thing that keeps on giving , and giving , and giving . ..unto the next generation . don't take the potential benefits of a bit of sound homeschool advice and a godly influence lightly . sometimes the simplest things make the largest difference .
but i'm doing pretty well considering . i'm only a couple of days behind . i still need to clean a room this week , clean out my medicine cabinet , and hang a piece of artwork . i stopped on the way home from work today (my first day in my own city this week!) and got some flowers .
on the positive brooke would cook during her husband's absence during ww11 . her dishes were named after leaders of the time . she conceived up delightful recipes titled macarthuroni and cheese , eisenhower's eggs benedict and churchill's cherry and cream pie . no there is no recipes for hitler's ham or stalin's stale borscht . i thought the recipe idea was rather quaint .
after all , to their thinking , umno-bn can always make a comeback . with a new and better image , reformed and cleansed into a new leaf , umno can better take on pakatan in ge-14 . this scenario played out in several other countries like taiwan , philippines , uganda , jamaica or even ussr where there was a regime change but without much bloodshed , unlike the arab spring .
remember this one ?
" of course not ! hahaha . but . . . really , you're going to wear that ? " he asked .
after graduating from my postgraduate studies , i moved to london for my internship . as an account trainee in hospital , my daily routines required great amount of discipline and hardship . i briefly worked in london for about a year before i decided to come back to my home country wordswordswords malaysia .
so back to alison . ..a few weeks ago i received an email from her that went a little like this :
since i was a teenager , i've had an affinity for writer langston hughes , the revolutionary jazz poet who was born 110 years ago today in 1902 . i grew up about an hour away from langston's birthplace in joplin , mo . one of the brightest lights of the harlem renaissance grew up here ? , i frequently pondered in english class . in fact , hughes is considered joplin's most famous son.*
excellent replica handbags appear in every single sizing , design along with variations under the rainbow and they also resemble actual cigarettes wordswordswords virtually . excellent reproductions are generally stated in a similar fashion , with all the very same sorts of resources and in many cases stitched just like because initial . wordswordswordsa+wordswordswords reproductions are actually pretty as well as your originals .
so wherewordswordswordss the problem ?
. ..you still think you are the cutest thing you've ever seen while looking in the mirror . . .
paper : rose red (su) , solar white (neenah) , watercolor bouquet (k&co) , preppy princess stack (dcwv) .
the group of 20 nations will likely agree later friday that the international monetary fund will get $400 billion in additional funding , although not all countries will detail their commitment , brazilwordswordswordss finance minister , guido mantega , said friday .
she wrote : ' i'm not convinced that i want to change the status quo . i feel that as i age i've actually gotten more selfish and set in my ways .
we need to search and seek , yet we also need to wait . wordswordswordsactively waiting,wordswordswords i call it , which is like looking for cars crossing the border and moving when the time is right .

they found their wives unable to obtain hospital beds in childbirth , their children unable to obtain school places , their homes and neighbourhoods changed beyond recognition , their plans and prospects for the future defeated ; at work they found that employers hesitated to apply to the immigrant worker the standards of discipline and competence required of the native-born worker ; they began to hear , as time went by , more and more voices which told them that they were now the unwanted .
sometimes , no matter how hard i try , a piece just does not want to be finished when i want it finished . this fellow is a good example of that . he's been sitting on the sidelines because he simply would not let me finish him . i think he wanted to just hang out and watch me work on other projects . try as i may , i could not coax him back into the lime light .
to divert our attention from it ,
today we are accustomed to timetables and schedules . such things did not exist in those early days of 62 ad . in fact , looking ahead to verse 12 it was likely to be many months for they would stay the winter in a safe port . it would be difficult , if not impossible to make many plans for the voyage and just to take things as they come .
aside from benefiting from the conway south carolina florists of hilton head island to the conway south carolina florists of the conway south carolina florists or mortgage fraud prosecutions occurred in the conway south carolina florists a southern state known for its outdoor living , with a ton of history . arguably , the conway south carolina florists . battles raged across the conway south carolina florists and the conway south carolina florists of life all cost less in upstate south carolina motorists are under no obligation to answer police questioning and if it is highly professional and experienced who emphasize the conway south carolina florists and career success of each student who has chosen this university .
having my two eldest both in school at the wonderful catholic school which we are so incredibly blessed to have available has been a true mixed blessing . on the wonderful side , they are learning so much from an incredible faculty ! and the focus that is required , the self-discipline and time management--that's all definitely fantastic .
stayinwordswordswords inwordswordswordsbobby vee
-stuff the chicken with the stuffing prepared and tie the wings and legs of chicken using a cooking twine so that the chicken holds together.(don't over fill the chicken stuffing)
here we all are on christmas morning . tradition is to all line up in the hallway before we can go out to the family room to see our presents and stockings . i know we might be a little old for it , but here we are still doing it .
should've woken up earlier .
optical illusion has a teal-blue glitter base that again , is filled with mutli coloured glitter pieces . the teal base shifts to blue making this polish hard to truly decipher from liquid crystal in photos when you can't keep anything straight . . . .
lovie is a likable , sometimes catty and possibly unreliable narrator as she recounts dinahwordswordswordss short career as a newspaper columnist , aviswordswordswords marriage to a wealthy drunk , and her own long-running affair with an older , married man . as in the new girls (my favorite of gutcheonwordswordswordss many novels) , the characterswordswordswords lives typify the times . wordswordswordsdinah said it was as if wewordswordswordsd all gone to sleep one night in the world of edith wharton and awakened the next morning at woodstock.wordswordswords
we are all her .
wordswordswordsi could always ask her about anything,wordswordswords kathy says . wordswordswordsand shewordswordswordsd have something really valid to saywordswordswordsor to think about . iwordswordswordsm finding more and more , that is the quality that so many people came to appreciate most about her . she would help anyone , if they wanted to know the answer . she would give so freely.wordswordswords
level 8 : mp cost : 28 , duration : 108 seconds , defense : +40% , abnormal status resistance : +24% , elemental resistance : +24% .
tina majorino (andre)
this little guy was one of so many kids that fell in love with our rocking horse (i bought this a few years ago,one for miss abigail , and i guess one for a spare) , i actually had agreed to sell it at the end of the show , but i think most folks that said they wanted it were long gone by then , almost wish i had more of them , it was a pretty popular item!lol oh well , i like it and there are lots of little ones in my life who will enjoy it
all the puzzle pieces , ms bonnie , the weaver and i fell in place .
the first six months of wordswordswordsretirementwordswordswords brought a variety of changes to our lives . having actively prepared for this event for several years , its reality created some new reflections . the most important was that retiring and staying put is a whole lot easier than retiring and moving half way across the country . changing addresses is not as easy as it used to be and gets more complicated when temporary housing becomes part of the action . then therewordswordswordss securing new drivers licenses and car tags , new auto insurance , new phones numbers , and notifying folks of your new contact data . oh yes , donwordswordswordst forget the social security and medicare sign-up plus making decisions about the best medicare supplements , new doctors , etc . there are new people to meet and a new city to learn . in our case , traffic reports are given by state road numbers rather than street names and the numbers all sound the same to untrained ears . we have learned to allow more time for every trip because of traffic . weather alerts are based on counties that we didnwordswordswordst know the location of yet . and the list goes on and on .
wewordswordswordsve lost our sense of community , ability to truly communicate with each other , and allow this once-great country to be divided by an every-widening gap created by our failed party system , and allow them to destroy everything this country was founded on .
thanks so much for stopping by my blog today , it means so much !
2m l x 4m w x 3.8m h
mocknick : according to certain websites , it is not a " standard practice " for an agency to charge upfront fees .
i have so many ideas i want to write and use within this world of gifted . not just with lucy and her donovan crowd either , but as a world within a world . iwordswordswordsm hoping you guys dig the idea as much as i do . but i suppose wewordswordswordsll do this in steps , together . so while iwordswordswordsm working on book 2 and a couple of other fun things , iwordswordswordsd love it if you went to check out gifted .
challenge stage 2 - if you hop along with us you'll find that the easter bunny has arrived early and left some hidden goodies on some of the design team's blogs . you need to hop through the whole list to find out where he's hidden them .
more analysis of renaults front exit exhaust
i have entered my cupcakes in these challenges
(and she has since been deleted & blocked)
tangled wickedness on this crucifixion pyre :
lydia had earlier defended sun xu on her blog , reprimanding singaporeans for being wordswordswordspettywordswordswords and refusing to let him off .
campus . they are running about 170 & so many people are excited about
1 . cut the chicken breasts into small pieces (about 5-6 cm in length) and dip in the seasoned flour .
so while all these knotweed concoctions have been quite exotic , exciting , and tasty , i think i am done with knotweed for the season , having eaten it almost every single day since i got to maine . i was going to try a cream of knotweed soup , but no , i think i'm totally ok with not eating the stuff for a whole nother year .
into gardens of compassionate couragewordswordswords
her house was beautiful!! ! they got it ready for the birthday and it looked great ! her husband's brother put everyone to shame- he set up the whole thing !
okay , enough of this , let's wrestle with the plot now . lincoln hawk (sly) is a struggling independent truck driver who's trying to rebuild his life after a divorce from his wife christina (susan blakely) . as she lay dying , her final wish is that she reclaims his son michael (david mendenhall) , who has taken the last name of his grandfather jason (robert loggia) , a rich and powerful man who had been instrumental in keeping lincoln and christina apart . lincoln does his best to mend fences but michael is a stubborn military school-bred brat who doesn't think much of being abandoned for the open lure of the road .
an unarmorial age , a trough
hey , princess , and your a-hole sponsor too : america's warfighters , the pointy end of the spear , the ones who fight and bleed and sacrifice and die so that you two liberal pond scum can live your wealthy 1% lifestyles , are nothing like the vermin infesting the leech class , who refuse to work and just expect everything to be handed to them .
" now, " he said , " that flow has dried up . "
the way your heart is torn ,
03 twice a man - decay
can you see a 2% increase in yield on cash and marketables . sure no problem as long as qualcomm is not a long bond investor which it isn`t . the 2% increase kicks out $520 million in ebitda . looking at it another way it`s about 12% of last years earnings . 12% for risk free and near effort free return . if the cash and marketable securities portfolio cannot yield an extra 2% in a rising interest rate environment then the whole cash position strategy will come into question .
-- mark twain
other accessories-
wordswordswordsgo on back where ? wordswordswords
yes i know , stampin ' up ! have the most perfect stamp set for christenings - ' my special day' , which my lovely downline tracy had offered me the use of - but i'd said no because i was going to use my printer . so in the end . . . . . . .
it's in two words . . . one of them being in french
he had been talking with his disciples as he led them out , and then he lifted up his hands and blessed them : and while he was blessing them he was parted from them and received up into heaven .
then you need the beer beard . a secret beer dispenser with a patented ' chilly-tek ' bladder .
at the back of my folder i have used the
if anyone wants to give any tips , i'm all ears . i'm starting to think i need " organizing your day for dummies" . do they make that ?
and communicating with others in a
send your love , sting (remix dave aude)
movement ? no , baby is only the size of a grape .
wordswordswordssex and the city is back on tv wordswordswords but an increasing number of british career women are turning their backs on metropolitan life in favour of the traditional courting rituals of the countryside.wordswordswords
jvc is known for itwordswordswordss impressive audio systems . they are now tapping into the portable audio system market with the release of their jvc nxpn7 portable audio system with dual ipod docks .
i love life in this country .
we were asked to decipher on our own a flower-adorned mess of brown wiry threads . we guessed beef cheek , but were informed that it was deep-fried shredded beef tongue , piled high on a dab of garlic and onion purwordswordse , and garnished with chive flowers . tasty , and more dry than greasy wordswordswords not disimilar to a good jerky .
i have a journal in which i write down thoughts and ideas for my writing . right now they are almost entirely concerned with my work in progress named wavering libations . i think this would be a great place to post some of the more potent pieces from the journal .
when we first moved we were sure we'd just be able to rent a simple , fully furnished apartment . this was not the case . having to deal with brokers and meet landlords and be accepted in to the city was so full-on . in the end it was so worth it and the funny things that we went through along the way really changed us and made us be able to cope with anything life throws us today .
these souls are part of the crust of darkness that helps prevent the light of god getting through to us as easy as it perhaps should . they are left there by the dark to do just that to populate and pollute the routes to the higher heavenly places . .this makes the spiritual journey more difficult , and why so many people struggle to get true understanding . .in order to get through this horde your energy has to be crisp , clean and embrace light . the more light you have the more you move towards the celestial realms and the more your perception will grow .
anything by diana wynne jones -- she is marvelous ; she is brilliant . she also recently died , so there won't be any more new books from her -- something my co-workers are tired of me bemoaning . two of my favorites are howl's moving castle and its companions and dark lord of derkholm and its companion .
i sometimes sacrifice sharpness in the details and lack of manual focus , but those are the fun challenges when doing this kind of shooting .
i actually started writing more here to catch you up on what we've been up to , but it ended up being too long . i saved it and will post it tomorrow . i'm probably what you would call a " lazy reader " yet i can't ever stop rambling . ha! ! so i'll try not to write too much in one post .
iwordswordswordsve been complimented many times over the years on what a wordswordswordsgreat jobwordswordswords iwordswordswordsm doing and how my kids are wordswordswordslucky to have a mum like mewordswordswords who has thrown herself into spreading awareness and understanding wordswordswords and i love being built up like this wordswordswords but iwordswordswordsm not sure that people realise that none of this comes without major effort and personal sacrifice .
several of these items are coming soon to my shoppe , so the winner will get these exclusive not-yet released notions from whimsies cottage !
actually this morning i had written a short and bitter post about how i never get nominated for anything but hadn't hit the ' publish ' button . it was sitting feeling sorry for itself in the ' draft ' section . the amount of twitter blog type people i follow that keep saying " i've been nominated in not 1 but 50 categories!" . i was happy for the ones that i like and follow but not for the ones who never blog about anything in particular - you know the album fillers of the blog world . i was beginning to feel a bit dejected and all self pitying like cinderella - did she really need to go to the ball i mean she had all that cleaning to do ? !
she steps out of her lexus and walks toward the curb of the front of her house . she looks to the right and seewordswordswordss her neighbors and gets annoyed . she gets pissed . she is infuriated !
we tiled the walls in the shower area with white ceramic subway tiles with a 3wordswordswords insert of grey glass mosaic tiles . on the floor , we used 2wordswordswords hexagon white carrara marble .
we are wordswordswords beautiful
so here i am . just tired of handling and ready to just live . does that ever happen ? or is that the fantasy ? maybe life is just a series of obstacles . oh well then . bring it on . i can handle it .
like this
its perhaps time - as gallix implies , in his comments if not in the initial article - for us to look at the possibilities of elit with new eyes : an underexplored arm of contemporary literature - and it has to be literature , not anima , or podcasts , or media art - that is still waiting for a writer or two to make it their own .
so i get up (after hitting snooze at least once) and i wake her . i shake her , i tickle her , i bounce her . ..somehow , someway , i manage to get the child to open her eyes and look at me . then i do it again . and again . and again . until she is finally coherent enough to understand that she is going to miss her bus if she doesn't get her butt out of bed . luckily , she still likes school and doesn't want to be late ! so she gets dressed and trudges down the stairs and looks in the pantry . ..and the fridge . ..and the feezer , before announcing that there is absolutely nothing to eat . even though i have just gone food shopping and bought everything she asked for . ..apparently , what she wanted yesterday is no good today . i should know that , right ? note to self - yesterday's preteen wants are today's waste of money and tomorrow's garbage . ok , got it !
i like how the stripes of my jacket match the lines of the boots . in a fit of loose association i will mention how the color palette and vague references of my clothes evoke a motocross-rider-crashing-into-a-tree-and-burning-up-his-bike narrative .
indeed , miss sery is the precisely the kind of open-air artist we would love to see in africa . not far from where i live is a stupendous gorge above the congo river called wordswordswordscassandrawordswordswordss crackwordswordswords . it was named after the wife of sir arthur wordswordswordspodgywordswordswords podgkin , the victorian explorer who tragically perished in the rapids below . if alizee were to perform near the edge of the crack , flinging her garments into the yawning fissure , it would certainly be celebrated as a pious deed of remembrance . the exotic dancer is revered in our part of the world .
bipolar disorder involves a lot of self-monitoring . the doctor often has no way of knowing what is going on inside of you but what you tell them , unless you get so bad that it is completely obvious . there are no laboratory tests for this , no x-rays , just you and your family or friends to recognize that an attack is coming so that you can head it off before it gets too bad . before you develop the full blown symptoms there is still time for you to recognize that they are coming and do something about them . therefore it is important for you to know what your symptoms are leading up to the attack .
my score in predicting song choice : 0 for 8 .
21.fifteen (15wordswordswords)
by the year 1984-85 , these fall downs had become an embarrassment to the whole movement . there was questioning and rebellion from the rank and file devotees against the then leadership by a 50-man committee , seeking reforms . ironically many members of the 50-man committee were philosophically bribed into becoming gurus themselves , that year . they , disregarded and ignored the clear direction/order on initiation given by srila prabhupada in black and white- explaining it off as wordswordswordsnon- traditionalwordswordswords and calling it a wordswordswordslone documentwordswordswords . however the glaring fact is that the direction was addressed to the entire gbc and all temple presidents . as if the spiritual master has to repeat himself over and over in order to convey himself .
2 tablespoons sour cream
often people are too lazy to optimize e.g . their electricity provider , because the hassle involved seems to be big (compare offers , find a better one , cancel the old contract , set up a new one) and the reward seems to be small , e.g . a couple of euros per month only .
i also try knops ipa , which was launched some time ago but iwordswordswordsd never seen on draught before . itwordswordswordss a fair bit sweeter than most of the beers i generally drink . nevertheless it grows on you ; therewordswordswordss a respectable hoppiness that becomes more noticeable the more you drink . knops has aimed from the beginning to produce easy-drinking beers ; the very idea might send beer geeks running screaming down to the cowgate but the ipa and black cork certainly achieve what they set out to do . beers that are approachable , yet have enough character to remain interesting over several pints .
the release of the 3 new jobs is exciting enough to create a whole festival about ! the festival will be going on for the whole summer , all of july and august !
travelling gear ?
death and hatred to mankind
why can't my hair be as long as hers ? as thick as hers ? as straight as hers ? as curly as hers ?
we all know a lazarus . hewordswordswordss the guy with the cardboard sign . the lady with the backpack . itwordswordswordss the orphan with the stomach bloated by hunger . in our world we come across lazarus so often that we can become blind to him . we make excuses for our behavior and place the responsibility on their behavior . we say we arenwordswordswordst rich , but lazarus would trade lives with us any day .
c : wordswordswords mauuwi pa rin sa conviction .
and winner #2 is :
we first kissed under the laden waft of chernobyl
i find that i enter a production zone usually . i fully admit the tv goes on if i am on the road with the kids and have arranged for rehearsal childcare but not rewriting childcare . while i think it is fabulous to ruminate on feedback as the writer , you also have to learn to work somewhat quickly , and i always want to make sure that my having my kids with me doesn't impede my ability to get work done . that said , i will usually then make sure i take hours before rehearsal or during the dinner break and hang out with my kids so they don't need as much therapy when they are older . working at la jolla was wonderful because their artist housing has pool access . i would race back from the theater , give the sitter a two hour break , and get in " the hot pool " with the kids (they were obsessed with the jacuzzi and i'd set the timer so we didn't overheat , and play in and out of that tiny pool until it was time to get ready for the evening) .
i wince a bit when michelle obama chides her husband as a mere mortal -- a comic routine that rests on the presumption that we see him as a god .
itwordswordswordss unfair to lay all the blame at the door of the creative department . clients also need to shoulder some responsibility for the steep decline in the quality of output .
in the past , i have made some pleated purses , homemade candy , crocheted scarves , clothes , i can't remember but a variety of things . this year i actually started a box of stuff that i come across or make for the auction . when it is done , i put it in the box . that way i won't have to remember where i put it all . this year i am making freezer paper tshirts , a table runner with appliques , a bag , and a few other things . i will post pictures after i get them all done . so far i have one tshirt done . it is really fun for the kids . in fact i think they like it the most . every year we have raised about 400-500 dollars . that pays for our camping sites and part of the food . it works out for everyone i think .
sometimes nothing makes sense .
sharp ears picked out the devicewordswordswordss landingwordswordswordsforty yards (a personal best!)wordswordswordsand then bolted to her feet and ran .
the quickest and best jobs are accomplished when there are no distractions .
in addition to being an excellent actor , singer , dancer , and comedian , kaye was the first ambassador-at-large for unicef , an organization he assisted for many years . although he never won an oscar for a performance , he did win the academywordswordswordss jean hersholt humanitarian award . i have always thought of him as a humanitarian .
on the edge of the

as you may or maynot know , i have been involved in german shorthaired pointer rescue since the minute we adopted maggie (who was actually an english pointer) , back in 1999 . i became obsessed with saving pointers . i stuck my nose all over in wisconsin , even helped dogs from other states as resources allowed . it consumes you . you think about dogs from the second you wake up in the morning , until you can finally close your eyes to sleep at night , if you have time to sleep . serious ! the compassion fatigue is killer . it doesn't hit you like a ton of bricks , but it will catch up with you . it makes you tired , it makes you depressed , it makes you old . what saves your life , time after time is the next save ! the next dog you saved from that lethal needle or other end . you make people happy , because you can give them what they want ! you begin to wonder how to make this " business " more self sufficiant , you get smart about networking to find volunteers , to find resourses you need . it is all consuming . you find you have very little time for your own dogs . and you had pick of the litter , cream of the crop , and now you don't have time for them ? there becomes something so wrong with that picture . and when you can't shake off the depression and you can't even talk nicely to people anymore , when dogs are all you think about , and you become a hermit only thinking of saving dogs , and you don't care much about people anymore , the other shoe finally drops and you have to give in to it , and become it , or you have to step aside , walk away while you still have a chance at a normal existance again .
rate : 5/10
all of this morel show-and-tell got me interested in morels , which i found once perhaps two decades ago in the woods behind my house . iwordswordswordsll admit , though , to a bit of nervousness over identifying morels .
i will post up a photo a bit later .
our afternoon runs were a great way to finish the physical activities for the day . i got a chance to chat and run/walk with people . it was a fun way to socialize and exercise . it was also really exciting to see non-runners finish a run with their faces beaming . they went from thinking they probably werenwordswordswordst going to run to running the entire time and having a blast . amazing !
are you having a wonderful start to your fall or spring ?
opportunity cost is a funny thing . it's so fundamentally critical to game theory and the formation of a good game , but the inclusion of additional opportunities seem to increase the complexity in an almost exponential manner .
and here is a quote from it :
sounds and which ones go together and which don't , it
as always , m demonstrated how we should play a game and laid out the instructions on the board . when she was around , it was obvious that alden tried his hardest to impress her . i know he's just a kid but it looks as if he has this huge crush on m . from time to time , he'd turn to the psychologist and said " i like your skirt m" , " i like your shoes m . so nice! " or " i like your hair m" . the best compliment was " i like you . you're so pretty " .
if you have not purchase the 3 month kit tutorial (sept , oct and nov) now is the time and you will still get the august kit tutorial for free .
kona brewing co kailua-kona , hi wailua wheat wheat ale brewed with tropical passion fruit . way too light . terrible flavor . this may be the worst of the bunch .
and converse high tops .
the market is in a mess . its hard to find anything . search will list down a lot of stupid apps which you do not want and going through the lists is a pain .
i don't have to ask for permission
(deep breath)(in)(out)(in)(out)(and deep cleansing breath)
9:30 am hour long conference call
the critics say : wordswordswordsslow club display remarkable skill in tugging at heartstrings , but they do it without being particularly manipulative or overly saccharine.wordswordswords wordswordswords pitchfork
" weird, " the burly guy to my right said .
conspiracy ? coincidence ? are there other novels with cover art that seems to allude to this lord of the flies cover ?
and then he actually does leave for the day .
starring : jason mewes , kevin smith , ben affleck , shannon elizabeth , eliza dushku , ali larter , jeff anderson , brian owordswordswordshalloran , will ferrell , jason lee , judd nelson , george carlin , carrie fisher , seann william scott , matt damon , jon stewart , tracy morgan , gus van sant , chris rock , jamie kennedy , mark hamill and tons of other cameoswordswordswords .
we all are leaders irrespective of our job role . and an effective leader is assertive .
it is now in london , and i was stupid enough to believe that i could go and see it whenever i wanted . but all advance tickets are sold , and the website warns that the queues may be three hours long . for someone who has queued twelve hours to run past mona lisa it doesn't sound too bad . my childhood friend is coming to visit next week , and i think we'll go to see lady with an ermine . we usually chat aroung the clock when we meet , so we can just as well chat while we queue .
elizabeth is hilarious . seriously , she makes me laugh all the time . it's not like she's trying to be funny - she's just at such a fun age where she's learning and exploring and developing her personality exponentially every day . she's starting to walk more on her own . still , every time she stands on her own she lets out this tarzan-esque triumphant yell to alert us to her accomplishment . she's learning to nod and shake her head appropriately . yesterday , she was hitting the (glass) tv stand with something and i said " elizabeth . no " and shook my head . she looked over her shoulder at me , grinned , and awkwardly nodded " yes " twice and then continued to hit the stand . it was way too cute . i went and took her weapon away all the while laughing and telling her how cute she was . mixed messages ? not at all .
the contextual menu of the flash library .
other adc events , however , have not proved as encouraging , most notably the charlotte gathering--at which , for reasons that remain unclear , the administration invited the radically anti-lacrosse duke student chauncey nartey to represent the student body , even though the fraternity of which nartey was president had recently been suspended .
up ahead were some more zombies headed our way . rick ran over a few , avoiding most of them and zig zagged through , hitting one every now and then but not slowing down .
i feel like anne of green gables , although her " tragical " thing wasn't about jewelry or handwork , but i feel like that just the same . i have all these gorgeous natural stones and no time for jewelry-making !
the big question is , will this palinization work ?
last night i returned home to find the following comment here on my blog , i am responding because i am hoping that it was written with an undertone of concern and not bitterness and biting venom . ..it is tough to tell via a comment so we will go with the first and some of these are legit concerns :
and in my search for industrial style shelving units , i came across a style of industrial shelves that started , from what i could tell , with the ace hotel in palm springs .
iwordswordswordsve teamed it with a cream topshop knit , gold necklace and black pumps , maybe a little out there for the library , but i wanted to get a feel for what i can and canwordswordswordst get away with as itwordswordswordss such a lively print !
can i trade this in for a new body ?
it will be a better year
i was unimpressed , to say the least . i didnwordswordswordst read the other three (two ? how many were there ? ) books until one summer when i was working at camp , age seventeen , supervising a cabin of eleven-year-old girls . i never planned to read them . i was surrounded by sixth graders who were obsessed with them , and as one of them reasonably pointed out to me , wordswordswordsyou canwordswordswordst diss them until youwordswordswordsve read all of them.wordswordswords so i did . never mind that i did it for the sole purpose of being able to diss them . i read them all wordswordswords all three , five , twelve , umpteen hardbound volumes of sensational and somehow simultaneously boring smut . i was also reading les mis at the time . i said to the same girl , wordswordswordsyou should try something like this . itwordswordswordss much better.wordswordswords she glanced at the 1400-page tome and said , with a deadpan face any comic would have envied , wordswordswordsthatwordswordswordss the scariest thing iwordswordswordsve ever seen.wordswordswords
how can she trust that he's not throwing away their lives , when the past few years all he's been focused on was building his empire , and now he wants to trash it all and finally work on their marriage ? fortunately , julia's got a thriving party planning business of her own , but will it be enough if she decides she cannot stay with michael now that he's going to give it all away ? and will she want to stay with michael after the years he's been absent in her life ? he's asking her for the next three weeks to prove his love to her . can she give it to him ? and what will she discover in those three weeks ?
the thing is to the women who rejected wordswordswordsthe uncool kid.wordswordswords you hurt him pretty bad probably and help kill his confidence . honestly if you turned him down the nice way , like , wordswordswordshey guy , youwordswordswordsre a really good person and i like you as a friend , but just donwordswordswordst want to hurt the friendship or whatever.wordswordswords thatwordswordswordss the nice small easy way of saying no . to the business man who needs to turn down someone just say , wordswordswordshonestly person , i am just not interested at the moment , though itwordswordswordss a very interesting idea or product , we just donwordswordswordst have the time or funds to invest it right now , but thank you for reaching out to us.wordswordswords
he rises
our office has collaborated with the myrtle avenue revilatization project (marp) , a registered non-profit , to collect donations for all the 491 & 493 myrtle avenue residents . donations will be evenly distributed to all families affected . if you are donating funds , please make checks/money orders out to marp . specify wordswordswords491 & 493 myrtle emergency fundwordswordswords in the memo field-
good question . that's why i went to the panel . that's not what i got out of it .
the closing date for entries is friday 26th november , so you've got a bit of time to think about it .
in a lawsuit filed last week in san jose , apple said the galaxy nexus infringes on patents underlying features customers expect from apple products . those include the ability to unlock phones by sliding an image and to search for information by voice .
so , what was the wordswordswordssupposedwordswordswords role of this gigantic hawk of imperialswordswordswords tool originally ? check all the wordswordswordslegitimatewordswordswords reference bodies of literature , and what you get is what was marketed and sold over six decades ago :
there has been some controversy about these special edition issues but i still think that itwordswordswordss worth a read , especially if you werenwordswordswordst a subscriber to the magazine when it was in print .
of derek clark's 13 entries on the bbc , for the many wordswordsmillions he has cost us , there seems nothing of consequence or note !
paul : the important thing is all the non-racist
i could make this a post about legalizing marijuana and other narcotics and the hypocrisy related to the legality of the tobacco industry , but iwordswordswordsm sure youwordswordswordsve already read those sorts of articles .
they say this will create jobs because it will give people trust in the future of the economy , but how does firing people and taking money away from those who will spend it create jobs ? ! ! !
the whole aethos of the department of health and social security (or stealth and total obscurity as we called it) was confrontational , its mission was to withhold , pay nobody , and generally obstruct claimants . i obstructed the department by altering the case notes of my school mates , ticking boxes and passing claims . . . . and warning them of intended visits . i hated being a part of that machine , so i asked around for other jobs . a friend said he'd heard that the library was hiring .
that's why i spontaneously put on my very casual look to do all the things you're expected to do when nobody cared about your place the past two weeks (including cleaning , washing , first try-outs of ironing , feeling like a real desperate housewife while discovering that my favourite grocery store closed already . . . all these kind of things - totally feeling like a grownup ;)) .
the prestonpans tapestry was unveiled on july 26 , 2010 . with 104 panels (each a metre long) , it was designed by andrew crummy and embroidered by over 200 volunteer embroiderers . some are clearly extraordinarily accomplished embroiders , others were just novices who wanted to be part of this exceptional project : what is clear is that the outcome is quite extraordinary . a national treasure to rival the bayeau tapestry ! it took the embroiders more than 25,000 hours , making some 10 million stitches , to create the worldwordswordswordss longest embroidered artwork at 104 metres .
he is a member of the bar of the supreme court of indiana . he served as city attorney , for ellettsville , indiana . he also served as judge pro tempore for the superior court of monroe county .
wordswordswordsitwordswordswordss a violation to make , print or publish a discriminatory statement,wordswordswords executive director nancy haynes told fox news . wordswordswordsthere are no exemptions to that.wordswordswords
last year , apple took proview to a chinese court , claiming trademark infringement , but the court ruled the us company lacked " supporting facts and evidence " for its claim .
kids rooms evolve as kids grow up . i havenwordswordswordst decided how i will decorate our kids room in our next house as we have no idea what kind of housing wewordswordswordsll be provided with at the new post in jakarta . i have been brainstorming how i would like to arrange our kids room and had a lot of fun thinking about it . one mission i have before we leave here is to go to ikea and get stuff i need before we move because there is no ikea in jakarta . sob , sob . i hope iwordswordswordsll have enough time to go there before we pack out . i feel like wewordswordswordsre coming down the homestretch of our stay here . you think you have lots of time , then in a blink of an eye , youwordswordswordsll be dealing with the movers . iwordswordswordsve got to get my act together !
norwegian anti-islamic fanatic anders behring breivik told a court on thursday that he used computer games to prepare for his attacks , once spending an entire year isolated from society playing a
and itwordswordswordss there , in the rubble of cedar rapids , that jeannie finally despairs , and tries to kill her daughter in order to save her best friend , in order to protect the revolution . in the first first draft jeannie succeeds and this sacrifice is sort of like the moral power that helps the revolution along .
then today i received this response from my landlordwordswordswordsangela :
you wonwordswordswordst be asked your social class , nor what salary you earn , but if you dealt both fair and square with others in your turn .
even the six-hour drive home was enjoyable (if a little nerve-wracking) because we listened to the hunger games . what a great book ! i can't wait to get the next one now .
in rifle terms . . . there's really no answer to that question , as there are far too many variables .
the u.s . , in purple with a gini coefficient of 0.450 , ranks near the extreme end of the inequality scale . looking for the other countries marked in purple gives you a quick sense of countries with comparable income inequality , and itwordswordswordss an unflattering list : cameroon , madagascar , rwanda , uganda , ecuador . a number are currently embroiled in or just emerging from deeply destabilizing conflicts , some of them linked to income inequality : mexico , cwordswordste dwordswordswordsivoire , sri lanka , nepal , serbia .
according to the pew center 45.5% of protestants and catholics identify as democrat or leaning toward democrat . i find this disheartening . as christians we are called to uphold certain ideas as sacred and unyielding . one of those concepts is the sanctity of life . while i understand that many people who wordswordswordsclaimwordswordswords a certain political affiliation may not adhere to every party line , it is generally assumed that if you claim to be a democrat you support wordswordswordsa womanwordswordswordss right to choosewordswordswords abortion . this is one of the major hallmarks of the democratic party . strike one .
i know that there is a lot out there about what it means to be an entrepreneur , including plenty of case studies and real-life examples . what i find most fascinating are the characteristics of people who excel as entrepreneurs .
i've got a really busy week this week . it's my birthday today , my friend's little boy's 2nd birthday on thursday then paul's birthday and our joint night out on saturday . i'm not going to be around much but luckily , i have a few gorgeous bloggy friends willing to guest post for me :)
get yourself out there and talk to as many people as you can whilst youwordswordswordsre here in birmingham . this could mean something as small as staying an extra five minutes to talk to your course-mates and colleagues about what theywordswordswordsre working on at the moment career-wise , or if they know anywhere/anyone that could help you .
wordswordswordsyou and not being confrontational . though i donwordswordswordst think anyone who worked with you yesterday can say that you donwordswordswordst have teeth . iwordswordswordsd tell you to tone it down but i know you canwordswordswordst which of course is leading into the frustration , which is irritating you more because you donwordswordswordst have control over your own body and you hate it when you have mood swings that have nothing to do with repressed memories and everything to do with hormones.wordswordswords
2009 comply or die (2nd) , arteea (10th) ; 2010 comply or die (12th) , piraya (13th) , pablo du charmil (fell 2nd) , madison du berlais (fell 19th) , the package (ur 19th) ; 2011 piraya (19th) , or noir de somoza (fell 6th) , comply or die (pu bef 29th)
pearl drop earrings : linneys

navigon usa ($30 + $14 for live traffic) , popular gps maker garminwordswordswordss addition to the turn-by-turn navigation app pool , was very good . it offers a live traffic option (for a price) and maps you can pre-download . the pre-downloading of maps is a little annoying at first , because it takes awhile , but it seems to allow the app to operate much faster than apps that download information on the fly (like waze) . of every app tested , navigon was the fastest to respond with driving directions and was consistently telling me where to go with plenty of advance notice . the automated voice was also one of the best . the problem with navigon , however , is that itwordswordswordss really only better than waze in that regard and on-par with waze when it comes to traffic and general directions . waze provides for free what navigon prices at $44 , so itwordswordswordss hard to recommend that as a better option . while none of the gps apps make it simple enough to quickly find the location and get directions (like the built-in maps app does) , waze was much faster . navigon required quite a few taps to get started each time . that said , if you donwordswordswordst like waze and want a paid app with pre-downloaded maps , navigon is a good choice .
i of course had an interest in miss ginger n . whiskey because she was wearing my pistol pasties in her bonnie parker act and my sheriff stars in her calamity jane act , but i would have had to give her a mention even if she hadnwordswordswordst been because she was absolutely adorable in every way . her act was very classy and she had such an innocent energy . i was immediately smitten . check out the pasties ! i worked so hard on them and i was bummed that i couldnwordswordswordst get any good pictures of them on stage . nothing makes you feel like a pervert quite like attempting to take a picture of something that is nipple-mounted .
jozef bulatovic
one of my favorite things about the book was aspenwordswordswordss existing relationship with peter and then her conflicting and developing relationship with jack . therewordswordswordss a lot of tension between her and peter , but itwordswordswordss just so relatable wordswordswords everyonewordswordswordss been there wordswordswords the sexual tension with someone whowordswordswordss wordswordswordsjust a friendwordswordswords . and then wewordswordswordsre introduced to jack (who i was glad she started to carry on with!) and we see peterwordswordswordss conflicting emotions towards their relationship as well as a few curveballs . i also really liked peter because i saw a little mix of a lot of my friends in his character . i loved the back-and-forth between him and aspen , and also that their friendship is obviously mutually valued because he always has her back .
dear fashion friends ,
rode in on a team of horses
you will need to cut your bread into 1/2 inch oblong rounds . i lightly spread them with olive oil , rub them with garlic or use garlic powder and toast them until they are golden brown . this can also be done the night before as well . it is key for good crostini to be crisp and not chewy .
4 unknown artist - untitled 2
that he should give his only son
it's making me crazy . . . again . . . hopefully it will be fixed soon .
anna is a wonderful character , impossible to dislike and you'll find yourself rooting for her from page one , just like i did . she's a little awkward and clumsy but not in the ridiculously annoying bella swan fashion , she's just a regular girl who makes the same stupid mistakes as the rest of us , which makes it so easy to like her . st clair , too , is flawed enough to make him feel like a real person , rather than a two dimensional heart throb who has very little going for him , besides good hair . he has his ups and downs and i loved witnessing the struggle between st clair , anna and st clair's girlfriend , ellie .
the sweet hereafter (atom egoyan)
now , i understand when you have a lot of pride in your faith and you want the whole world to share your feelings . itwordswordswordss like eating the most fabulous cheesecake wordswordswords you must tell all of your friends at once so they may enjoy the same pleasures ! but when does it get to the point where you start preaching , pushing and forcefully encouraging people to join you . when does it get to the point that a normally shy person will approach a stranger with his own beliefs or enter a conversation to speak about his own beliefs ? and iwordswordswordsd like to know when it gets to the point where a person becomes so ensconced in their lord and their religion that he begins to feel god-like himself and takes on the task of judging others who do not believe .
in his shannonside northern sound interview yesterday , fr cusack said they had sent smyth for treatment many times . they had wordswordswordsconferred with professionalswordswordswords who had used wordswordswordsaversion techniqueswordswordswords , which were wordswordswordsnot effective in this casewordswordswords .
some of the most used things in crime investigation came about from necessity !
i have circus issues ! true statement :) my house is often like a circus so you'd think id be comfy there . i remember going to the circus as a child . i have a picture of my dad in raybans and his member's only jacket and me and my mom eating popcorn or some other snack . i remember being so jealous of trapeze girls and wanting to ride the elephants . it was glam , it was exciting , and super fun :)
add flour into bowl a . followed by the sugar on one side and the yeast next to the sugar . on the other side of the bowl (with the flour in between) , add the egg . pour the water onto the yeast .
seriously , i hope the times keeps up with this nonsense . they are becoming more transparent by the day . thanks to the psychos at the new york times , people are going to have an easier time painting a mental picture and associating " men and women of good will toiling endlessly to make her (amerika) better " with al sharpton and malik muhammed .
i just want to recognize the contribution of general vo nguyen giap and acknowledge what he has done for vietnam . after all , letwordswordswordss not forget how he helped kick out the french in 1954 and then the americans in 1975 .
sept 27 - klubb republik , norrkoping , sweden
that is lucky .
donwordswordswordst forget that iwordswordswordsm hosting a giveaway for a fisher price cars 2 spiral speedway grand prix playset , featuring lightning mcqueen and francesco ; hurry and enter as the giveaway ends on 6/19 ! catch a glimpse of the hot two racers here :
obama : who is alone ?
our donor and his boyfriend had returned from their trip but had been invited up to a mutual friends cabin to go camping for the weekendwordswordswordsthe same weekend i was ovulating . luckily , they know what wewordswordswordsve been up to and they invited us along so that we could continue to try that weekend . i was grateful that it was much more of a house without cable or internet in the woods than a real rustic cabin and i could be pretty relaxed and comfortable for the weekend . we realize that the guys are doing us a favor by working with us so we really try our best to be accommodating , but this whole wordswordswordsletwordswordswordss-go-camping-and-try-to-make-a-babywordswordswords road show is really getting old . we asked to please really not have to do it again . nonetheless , we survived it and got a few tries in that weekend .
jerfwordswordswordss ears twitched and rayloth shook his head , casting off his doubts . wordswordswordswe need to stay alert,wordswordswords he said simply , knowing jerf would understand what wasnwordswordswordst said just as much as he did .
so you can see , this is a complete mod-podge of a site . iwordswordswordsve put this off for a verrrrrrryyyy long time . because it meant i would have to sit down and be systemic in a sense , which is something iwordswordswordsm terrible about . i ca
at an early age iwordswordswordsd set my sights on becoming a writer and spent the rest of my time at primary school , and a few years of grammar school , thinking that it was a viable possibility . unfortunately , by the time it came to choosing my gcses i had been disillusioned . we were given flowcharts and instruction manuals by our careers teacher . the poorly photocopied literature provided suggested wordswordswordspathwayswordswordswords to professional careers . accountant , barrister , doctorwordswordswords writer as a profession was glaringly absent . bollocks .
- b , 1/50 leaf shutter .
we have seen how strong shankarwordswordswordss control over his nerves was when he faced lions in the past . his nerves didnwordswordswordst fail him that night either .
i didn't put a jacket on . i figured , it's 50 degrees , and i'm only leaving the car to run into the post office and drop off something at my parents ' house . i didn't put a jacket or shoes on olette because the errands were short enough that i could leave her and her brother in the car while i ran in . before leaving , i looked at the new insurance cards that have been sitting on the bar for at least two weeks and thought , " i really need to put those in the cars . . . " but my arms were full of squirmy four-year-old , and i told myself , " i'll do it when i get home . " (i tell myself this a lot . ben comes by his absentmindedness honestly.) we went to pick up ben and headed to town to take care of the errands . on our way , we passed hubby who had gotten off of work early and was on his way home . there was almost no line at the post office . i started feeling lucky ! i dropped off what i needed to leave at my parents ' house and decided to take the back way home , since there was a better chance of getting stuck behind several school buses going the other way . so , of course , (thanks , murphy!) i got stuck behind a school bus . i hate being stuck behind school buses : drive a quarter mile , stop . . . drive a quarter mile , stop . . . drive a quarter mile , stop . finally , the bus turned and i saw nothing but open road ahead of me . i was master of the road , ruler of the street , and most importantly , almost home , where all i had left to do for the day was wash some dishes and make some spaghetti for dinner .
it depends on the length and what it is . i had a novel iwordswordswordsm working on start out as a short story , sit for years , and then rocketed past 30,000 words in a month . i always end up thinking of subplots and details when iwordswordswordsm half-way through things , so then i end up going back to fix things .
this post may be too much information .
life authentically
it is because of the fact he knows that deep down magneto is a good person with good intentions that allows xavier to continue to see him as a friend .the two often meet to play chess together , even when magneto is in prison . magneto views xavier as the only man who is his equal , and sees him as his best if not only true friend in the world . he is even willing to help him and protect him if need be , and has often led the x-men in xavierwordswordswordss stead .
i.e . , there are too many common-sense issues to be counterbalanced by a purely legalistic approach . all the same , they publish the posts . i agree that the internal front is important , and that convincing others involves in the first place convincing your own troop . but the whole thing is so pathetically overdone that it amounts to preaching to the convert . for the arguments to have any efficacy , they would have to be used by someone mainstream , which , in turn , would require for said arguments not to be ridiculous . but zionists often confuse " i can make a case for israel , albeit ludicrous " with " i can make a winning case for israel . "
and we find it really useful on occasions such as this
and i just locked down the hotel rooms in munich for oktoberfest . we'll be staying at a hotel (all the hostels were waaaaaaaay booked up) about 4 subway stops from oktoberfest . we'll spend the last weekend of oktoberfest in munich . this is a guys only trip as well . the only reason we won't be spending more time in munich is b/c we've set up a warmup trip to amsterdam . oh it's real . there's some brewpubs , probably some decent trappists , some fresh heineken . . . aw hell we're staying at the bulldog hostel . oh it's real , it's damn real . if you're wondering how it goes down in amsterdam , i'm lining up a " different " review of the heineken faux-brewery for " the session " post in june . should be fun .
as i said i am not a college football fan . ok , why the " hope" . quite simply , actually , it's not because texas christian university , a christian college won . it's what happened after the win . as usual the moron sideline sports interviewers were hounding the players for sound bites . hey , put this in perspective , you just won the rose bowl . hey , how does it feel to win the rose bowl . what did you think about blah , blah blah .
they are coming . and i canwordswordswordst stop them . if i stand against the winds of change they will gust against me . if i lean into them , they will bite into me , eventually forcing me to submit my will . but if i turn and open my sails to the winds , will i be carried gently along , or will i be hurled forward out of control reaching out to grasp something to hold on to ?
when i was growing up , there was only one prominent atheist , madelyn murray owordswordswordshair . back then , every catholic , indeed every christian , ignored her as an oddity . todaywordswordswordss atheists are legion . they have an agenda and their names are familiar .
happy ccc week !
then many years later , during my prayer time , the lord spoke to my heart in a still small voice and said , wordswordswordslinda , you are that pearl and i gave up everything to purchase you.wordswordswords during the past week , each time i think about grace renee , the lord reminds me of the pearl of great price . again , the lord has spoken to me , wordswordswordsiwordswordswordsve brought my magnificent pearl , grace renee , home .
my dear friends , i donwordswordswordst intend to spoil your festivities and celebration . i want you to go ahead and enjoy that cold beer , those hot dogs , and the fireworks . all iwordswordswordsm asking of you is this : when the time comes for the dessert , while you are slicing that white sheet cake with the red and blue depicting the stars and stripes , think about the irony of it and how our domestic enemies have been slicing up and tearing apart the one thing that represents being an american wordswordswords our constitution . happy independence day .
this is what it is to be human and to worship , to be human and to love , to be human and to yearn and all to what end ?
my first thought was , wordswordswordsouch ! that was a little hard for greeting an old friend!wordswordswords he had smacked the ladywordswordswordss arm with the book as she was in the middle of un-zipping his momwordswordswordss backpack .
as always , i welcome any and all comments about this review . do you agree with my thoughts about the entire mortal instruments series ? let me know .
removed wordswordswordstry againwordswordswords error .
jill : *sputter* what ? !
the most common method is actually painting the new hat and uniform on the player . while the famous yankee cap and pinstripes have been applied well on the above mickey rivers card , there are some instances that might end up in a horror movie one of these days .
yesterday the world lost an amazing man , but heaven gained one amazing angel . the man who has been an extra grandfather to me my whole life passed away yesterday , and my heart is full of sadness over the loss . every time i realize i won't hear his voice again or see his smile brings unbelievable pain . there may have not been blood binding our families together , but he is my grandfather in every other sense of the world . we don't need blood to form the strongest bonds in our world . we need love , and mr . u had that in abundance .
wordswordswordsa peruvian historian known for his extensive publications about the independent history of his country . he served during two different administrations as minister of education and was also director of the peruvian national library .
if i was visting a part of the country where family brewers still had a strong representation , such as palmers in west dorset , i would want the good beer guide to tell me where i could find their beers in the best condition (which , to be fair , it does) . iwordswordswordsd also expect it to point me to other pubs that provided a contrast , but if it majored on establishments offering pedigree , bombardier and london pride i might feel a little short-changed . it should also be pointed out that many free houses settle on two or three beers that suit their regular customers and are not always changing them around .
maxfield and wyatt attend the local public elementary school . unlike other school districts in the area which have these huge district wide primary schools that have 10 classes per grade and feel like a sams club of education , max and wyatt's school is a small only two classes per grade , community minded friendly learning environment . at least i hope it is friendly .
all of the things that we need to get set-up and organized are many and if you arenwordswordswordst organized you can get overwhelmed . i hope this venture works out , and i sincerely think that it will . but , win or lose , i am going to enjoy the ride .
sister parish contended that a proper living room had at least three seating groups , and the big room , as it was called at cragwood , illustrates that point . decorating styles can sometime be hard to catagorize ; while this room's contents were all carefully considered , i hestitate but call it an undecorated style . more edited and curated than the eclectic style popular today , there is no mistaking that the resulting intent was to show a home whose owners were secure in a position of wealth and good taste .
back our campaign to support family and friends carers : keep families together .
as they continued to introduce themselves to each other , isabel wasnwordswordswordst happy about the interaction . she was always very cautious when it came to guys . she wasnwordswordswordst the type to start-up a conversation with people she didnwordswordswordst know . wordswordswordsletwordswordswordss go , marianna!wordswordswords isabel begged . wordswordswordsdonwordswordswordst listen to your friend.wordswordswords roger said . wordswordswordsletwordswordswordss get to know each other and have some fun . the night is young . wordswordswords marianna was thrilled at the thought of going out with someone who wasnwordswordswordst from off the creek . she had always been a glutton for attention . she spent her time with her head in the clouds daydreaming about prince charming and her knight in shinning armor . however , rogerwordswordswordss idea of talking romantically to a woman was by saying , wordswordswordscome on . ainwordswordswordst no cars coming baby!wordswordswords
for many reasons , it is time for georgia and other states to abolish the death penalty . a recent poll showed 61 % of americans would choose a punishment other than the death penalty for murder .
however , with sincere respect , i think telling would-be clients and authors not to use .docx is a bad idea and sends the wrong message . iwordswordswordsm beginning to think these kinds of cludgey , technologically-backward impulses are what make us look like anachronistic gatekeepers . docx has been around for years . itwordswordswordss the default file format for the most pervasive word processor on the planet . when we ask our clients not to use it , we look foolish and cheap . we look technologically unaware when we say that microsoft created .docx to force people to upgrade (not true) . itwordswordswordss also maddening that the part of the publishing industry thatwordswordswordss managing the inflow of manuscripts is actively resisting xml (what did you think the x in .docx was for ? ) while the side of the industry that manages the outflow of finished books is killing itself to embrace xml , because itwordswordswordss supposed to save our collective asses .
or you might have to stand and wait 15 minutes while the dessert guy finishes chatting with the maintenance guy (probably about when they are going to go smoke pot later in the night.)
he was so worn out afterwards that he was all sleepy when his dad was getting him dressed and he fell straight asleep in the car .
wordswordswords nba players , past or present , who attended the citadel : 0
but one day soon , we'll get down and dirty with this thing . so prepare yourselves . it's going to be epic .
hebrews become infatuated with the new culture : their religion , their food , their clothing , etc . . not surprising , they took over because they wanted what they had ! but the elders realize that's a risk : if the people take on this new culture , they'll become polytheists and god will be pissed off and take away their victory ! and the cynic in me says they just saw a threat to their authority , but either way , they made laws to make anything canaanite bad , so their people would stay away from them and not become like them . canaanites ate shellfish -not something goat herders ate- so that is now prohibited ! canaanites were farmers , they had cotton-makes for nicer feeling clothes than wool . . . so no ! can't mix that in with your wool robes , stay with scratchy ! canaanites had temple prostitutes -talk about motivation to go to church- so that's verboten now too ! and you guessed it , like a lot of ancient civilizations , canaan was openly tolerant and rather bisexual , like the greeks will be when they come onto the scene .
2 avocados
2 . grab bottom of skirt and pull it up to desired length . the fold shall be your hemline .
so how can president obama get away with saying that warren buffett pays lower tax rates than his secretary ? many wealthy americans who have done well like buffett receive dividends and capital gains wordswordswords a form of investment income that is subject to multiple levels of tax . first , the investment income results from investment . this capital didnwordswordswordst appear out of thin air . it was earned and taxed previously , often many times over at rates up to 35 percent .
we sacrifice our childhood and youth to gain wordswordswordseducational qualificationswordswordswords and learn to live in wordswordswordsschool jailswordswordswords and to wordswordswordsfollow ruleswordswordswords . after a brief wordswordswordsfun in college educationwordswordswords phase , which finishes our parents off financially , we yoke up to serve various commercial institutions till we burn out or retire . we teach , we cure , we build , we cook , we clean .
but emmett went to bed with simone!! ! did anything else really register ?
we made all the classics :
this skirt was an entirely different shape when i bought it . while preparing for this remix , i got a bug up my butt to turn this skirt (terrible photo - don't judge) into a pencil skirt . i even repositioned the side zipper . . . not very well , though , which is why i'm wearing a cardigan . to hide " the bump . " i need to figure out how to fix that . . .
wherein the rotational speed of said output is continuously variable , and said power conversion means includes , for each of said first and second power inputs , a respective integral combination of a respective electric motor element and an element of said mechanical transmission unit , each said integral combination involving said two respective elements thereof being directly associated mechanically and geometrically with each other without substantial spacing or other elements including bearings and shafts therebetween .
lots of pizza places now have gluten-free options or even flours made from protein and iron-rich chickpea flour . go cheese-less and add lots of veggies . or choose a salad option with an olive oil-based dressing . many of the major pizza chains can put any kind of cooked veggies offered on pizza in your salad as well . many of the airport chains have at least five great salads to choose from .
" now hang on , missy . " it was hard not to blink as notia waved a finger in her face , almost sticking it up her nose . " i am your four knot . we need to have a long talk about your discipline . "
we can dream like our parents
wewordswordswordsll take on darwin and sigmund freud
as i mentioned in my previous post , you are said to be able to call upon a spiritual being in the astral plane . these can teach you things to help you on your work upon yourself for example . examples of spiritual beings that i have heard that you can call on in the astral plane is : yeshua ben pandira (jesus) , buddha , samael aun weor , rabolu , belsebuub , etc . it needs to be individuals who have a spiritual part incarnated within them which is called the master or atman . this part is incarnated at the end of the first mountain , and it has its own unique name . the given examples above are the names of the masters of the individuals .
and i'm right again .
does this mean i want to jump out of airplanes ?
allonsanfwordswordsn is a wry , strange look at the absurd tragedy of radical italians . it technically takes place in the early 19th century , but it could be just as home in the 1860s , 1920s or 1970s . in fact , especially the 1970s - a decade in which domestic terrorism killed aldo moro and laid bombs in bologna's train station . a decade where the idealism of 1968 had ripened into a hyper-violent , extreme nihilism (both on the left and the right) , where killing became a currency of discourse . (thanks , paul ginsborg , by the way , for teaching the ppcc about modern italian history ! seriously , readership , a history of contemporary italy is wonderful.)
the rarest of all the athasian drakes . water drakes are amphibious and prefer to live (and fight if need be) in water . they're fiercely protective of any body of water large enough for them to live in and will ferociously any intruders .
victor ribaudo
obviously being in the directors suite made everything nicer and shinier , the comfy seats were not used to their full capabilities as i was so excited i could only sit bolt upright .
snowboard kidssbk : snowboarding kids
paper : stampin ' up designer paper beau chateau , doodlebug glitter paper
this gop fembot/televangelist/cia-controlled asset was raised in tightly structured military environment , a living wordswordswordscaribou barbie dollwordswordswords wordswordswords initial early age base trauma inflicted in sandpoint idaho , then transplanted to alaska at three yrs old wordswordswords only travelled outside u.s . once before hong kong trip in 2009 wordswordswordsa blank slate for her programmers/handlers to use while pimping her out , riding wave of angst , driven by fear/ignorance/economic losses suffered by rabid fans , deluded as to her origins/purpose wordswordswords sarahpac , phony legal defense fund , harper collins book tour , speaking fees @ $100-200k each wordswordswords alaskan mk kitty continues to fill coffers of bilderberger rupert murdochwordswordswordss media empirewordswordswords
i played guitar for three years prior , but i like this so much better (still love the guitar , just don't love playing it) . i would upload some audio of me playing the piano , but alas , i don't know how . and i'm not in a techy enough mood to figure out . and i don't feel like making a video .
later , while thinking about the scene , it struck me how nobody seemed to care why this little human being was crying . none of them seemed to even think that there might have been a reason for his tears , that perhaps there were some real human emotions and needs behind it all . it seems to me the little boy was feeling afraid , insecure , confused , needing safety , reassurance , connection , some more time to make gradual steps into the unknownwordswordswords
5 . add the versatile blogger award to your blog post .
acknowledgment : excerpts from wordswordswordsthe tyranny of good intentionswordswordswords by paul craig roberts and lawrence m . stratton to enforce the point . did i not say this was my favourite book ? and have you gotten a copy yet ?
their imagination takes them all kinds of places wordswordswords ok , sometimes rather gorey places for my taste wordswordswords but also to funny and exotic worlds of their own imaginings , as they invent their own wordswordswordsnaughty characterswordswordswords and record their exploits .
first lets talk about seasoning , because god knows , ground turkey needs it bad wordswordswords it has almost no flavor character whatsoever , being a very lean white meat . we also have to approach it from the perspective that turkey is poultry wordswordswords it will never be red meat , it canwordswordswordst ever possibly taste like red meat , and to approach it from a red meat seasoning perspective is just plain asinine and self-defeating .
is reach for a pen
the walls are painted this color : (it's actually a very pale neutral green gray)
pack duties and a boyfriend keep claire from spending as much time with emily and a new girl , amy , begins to take clairewordswordswordss place in emilywordswordswordss life . constantly lying to her friends begins to take its toll on claire as do tension in her relationship with matthew . clairewordswordswordss life as a werewolf is far from perfect , too . she has trouble learning skills that are essential to a fully functional wolf , does not see eye-to-eye with her mother on certain subjects , and has tenuous connections with some of the pack who do not seem to approve of her .
the grimm story tells of twelve beautiful princesses . although they sleep in a locked bedchamber , their shoes are always found worn through the next morning , as if they had been out all night dancing . the king offers one of his daughters as a reward to the man who can discover the truth .
it was snowing as i looked out of my bedroom window yesterday morning , followed by rain . the rain hasnwordswordst stopped yetwordswordswords rainwordswordswords utter rain this day has to offer me , so it seems . looks like the weather forecast got it right after all . when i least hope it would .
with pod and e-books , everybody can have it any way they want .
4 . on toast with a fried egg on top
when we act as a community , a community of the whole 313-million of us , we are all better off . equality moves in the direction of balance , and greater equality benefits everyone . rational protection of our life support system becomes the only possible thing to do . caring for the wellbeing of every single person in our community becomes mandatory .
to put this in percpective wordswordswords i have put up a pic from a newspaper dipicting what this amount of rain ,is capable of causing wordswordswords without the heavy winds expected !
2 1/2 cups heavy cream
as much as i would enjoy writing a post about the hobbit , this is actually my annual post on my experiences at the illinois teen institute just a couple of weeks ago . while some who read this blog are surely familiar with it , i am going to assume that there are at least a few visitors who may not know . so before i get into iti 2011 , let me give a brief recap :
black , kraft , lilac mist & colonial white cardstock
women account for only 3% of the chief executives at the helm of the 500 biggest u.s . companies[1] . there is a large disparity in pay between female and male executives . mary ellen page writes that wordswordswordsaccording to compensation experts , the disparity in pay can be attributed , in part , to the tendency of female executives to choose a straightforward salary and bonus package over stock and options laden one.wordswordswords women get paid on current business performance ; in essence , their pay is tied more closely to the firmwordswordswordss performance . women have to work harder to advance in the workplace and often have to take on riskier assignments , improve their negotiation skills , and grow a tougher skin .
recently on april 25 , during an interview with jann wenner of rolling stone magazine about the war on drugs , president obama made clear his position on medical marijuana saying , wordswordswordsi canwordswordswordst ask the justice department to say , wordswordswordsignore completely a federal law thatwordswordswordss on the books.wordswordswords what i can say is , wordswordswordsuse your prosecutorial discretion and properly prioritize your resources to go after things that are really doing folks damage.wordswordswords as a consequence , there havenwordswordswordst been prosecutions of users of marijuana for medical purposes . he also said , wordswordswordsi do think itwordswordswordss important and useful to have a broader debate about our drug laws.wordswordswords
the following is taken from a transcript of the interview carte blanche conducted with his bereaved family in their july broadcast on blue light brigade abuses :
this chic cosmetics pouch captures the adventurous spirit of louis vuittonwordswordswordss classic travel gear . the elegant shape is flat on the bottom and curved on top for easy access to makeup and brushes . nicely sized to fit into a handbag or tote .
she has since been sent to the sausage factory .
1 . boneless skinless chicken breasts , $1.19/lb . at el rancho supermercado (through 11/30/10)
trip down memory lane : greenhouse visit
in may 2011 , the government launched a coordinated attack against the bihewordswordswordsraiding dozens of homes , confiscating computers and materials and detaining eighteen professors and administrators . seven of those arrested have received four or five year prison termswordswordswords their only crime : educating the youth in their community . education under fire is a campaign designed to help mitigate the effects of these discriminatory policies and to raise awareness of the importance of defending article 26 of the universal declaration of human rights , which guarantees education as an inalienable right of every human being .
the overwhelming majority of objects brought together for this exhibition have been lent by other institutions ; by livery companies ; by private collectors ; and not least by her majesty the queen . aside from those mentioned above we have original scores of handelwordswordswordss water music and music for the royal fireworks ; 18c musical instruments ; landscape paintings and original architect and engineering drawings ; flags , livery and uniforms ; royal souvenirs and gifts . my favourite : a huge carved stuart coat of arms from the ship royal charles , captured by the dutch and still in their possession !
the cramps wordswordswords a new kind of kick
graduation dessert will be sunday , may 6 at 7 pm
i ran the flannagans 5k in the morning and finished in 29 minutes and 34 seconds !
you believe in the " sea of possibilities "
my islam is elijah being carried away by a fire-chariot
now , get out your stamps and get crafty with the pixies!!! ! you have until wednesday , march 7th at 7:00 pm est to add your link below . a winner will be announced with the
photo by : martin cathrae/ flickr.com
depsite citywordswordswordss recent run of form , history shows that sir alex ferguson has conquered these situations before and because of that , united are probably in the driving seat going into the biggest game of the season . unitedwordswordswordss experience and their ability to close out these sorts of games in the past is their only saving grace at the minute . united tend to pull off big results when they are under the most pressure . the 1999 champions league final against bayern munich is one instant where unitedwordswordswordss determination and experience came through to win the champions league final 2-1 . after handing a lifeline back to city by losing at wigan athletic,then giving up a two-goal lead in the closing minutes against everton at old trafford last sunday . ferguson and united just have to be careful not to fall into the defensive mind zone , as sir alex may play the similar formation as he does away in europe which gives extra added protection to the back four .
wordswordswordsalright , shoot.wordswordswords i said .
because i never want to forget , even for a single day , how luck i am to have found my soulmate .
2/25/12 wordswordswords edmonton , ab @ wunderbar
hell , the idea has even occurred to ed miliband .
for directions to make these topiaries click on the link below the photo .
in harlequin , a ballet dancer in full costume stands upon a stage , his downcast gaze communicating his isolation . the flatness of the dancerwordswordswordss costume , emphasized by its geometric pattern , contrasts with the weight and volume of his hands , and its monotone background conflicts with the depth achieved by the curtain . thus , this rare painting stands as a unique amalgamation between the subject matter of the blue and rose periods and the play with perspective and illusionism found in his cubist works .
i remember just being like " ya ned that sounds cool" , but i didn't really dig it as much as i liked my idea at the time . thinking about it now though , my idea was awful , and title fight definitely is better than what i thought was a good idea .
finally ! i knew what was wrong ! enterwordswordswords . .acceptance .
that have been devastated for generations .
label : horo
part of that process , you may have experienced , involves making sure the stuff with family history wordswordswords and stories attached wordswordswords is passed out among the children . i'm eager to share my wares : she handed off two beautiful tea sets from her side of the clan . there's this set , from which i'm drinking keemun right now as i write . . .
1 homogenous
justin mccahren
why would that happen ? it turns out that our short term memories are like hard drives wordswordswords itwordswordswordss possible to fill them up . neuroscientists call this , wordswordswordscognitive loadwordswordswords . while your frontal lobe is busy memorizing new numbers , a new task requiring a decision may not be routed to the rational part of the brain . sometimes the emotional centers of the brain make the decision .
however , magistrate rick moore ruled that officers were likely to have been alarmed by the defendant's words .
-come on . . . .said the dutchess a bit worried . ..this is not like you at all . . . .cheer up dear . .
verse fourteen gives us the result of this parable .
it has been quite a breaking few weeks . little avery is a member of our church family who has been fighting for his life since the womb . k . steffens passed away last saturday after a devastating fight with cancer . the johnson family , one of our dearest friends are moving away about 2,000 miles away . (leaving us . here . alone . so alone . . . hehe . hope you're reading this jess!)
this is our lovely front door . (that needs painting)
the silence from a satisfied head and heart echoes loudly in the ears saying -
" i think acting is as important as singing . years ago , you could have fat singers who didnwordswordswordst move much on stage but had wonderful voices and everyone was happy . now people expect more.wordswordswords jenis is interested in the way small details and movement can make a characterization stronger . wordswordswordsi search every role to find moments when i can express things betterwordswordswords . sometimes itwordswordswordss as simple as changing position subtly . wordswordswordsi donwordswordswordst like to be like a machine , doing exactly the same thing every timewordswordswords , he says . wordswordswordsin life , things change all the timewordswordswords . this keeps performance fresh and natural . wordswordswordseven when wewordswordswordsre not singing , there is a connection between singers , which an audience can feel very clearlywordswordswords .
i wanted to write posts about the girls , and here is the first .
ricotta cream cheese frosting :
for a couple weeks there i kinda got obsessed with picking them and making jam .
i made my order and paid online .
2 wordswordswords i canwordswordswordst wear anything other than denim , t-shirts and canvas shoes . guess thatwordswordswordss what happens when a part of you fails to grow out of the tomboyish phase .
" that's good , buddy . you need to be here , if you feel it that strong . " he looked hard into my eyes , and there was one of those quiets that fall when you know you're hearing something important . this took a load off . none of my everyday atlanta friends had ever provided so much support , and i resolved to return to new york . at that second , levon made his way resolutely into my heart .
authorship and copyright notice : all rights reserved : satya sarada kandula : all rights for sourced material vest with the source .
so what does this mean ? ! ? ! ?
this young man is no quitter .
the sharing economy is much more than just a bunch of neighbors sharing cars and tools . it could be the platform for the next iteration of social and political change .
wordswordswordswhatwordswordswordss done is done,wordswordswords beck stated calmly . wordswordswordsnothing can change that . our food problem is solvedwordswordswordsthatwordswordswordss the bottom line.wordswordswords absently pointing his pistol in peartwordswordswordss direction , he applied his best , most-practiced look of authority . wordswordswordsyou and steinman take the body to the galley and get it prepared . therewordswordswordss a world-wide reception awaiting us when we finally reach home . a herowordswordswordss welcome.wordswordswords
the movie proved that a comic book source material can be treated seriously and without a tongue in cheek attitude towards anything out of the ordinary , resulting in a dark and highly entertaining piece of comic book cinema . the script was respectful to the source material , but added elements such as kristoffersonwordswordswordss character whistler , and elements of bladewordswordswordss struggle with what he is , that helped to make the story work in a cinematic context . the movie successfully made almost three times itwordswordswordss budget of $45 million in the world box office , establishing the character enough to spawn two further movies and a tv-series spin-off .
1/4 c granulated sugar
3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice (from about 1-2 lemons)
fortunately , though , commerce and profit ruled the day , and the british reminded themselves that sending armies to the us would be expensive . the greatest urgency (for both sides) was to sign a peace treaty and resume trade .
5/12 st louis , mo - firebird
i really like dyeing wool with her . . and her new pool she got us is great .
i took this pan to my mom's house for sunday dinner and it was pretty much licked clean when i left . i was a little worried about how the apples would turn out because i have never eaten or cooked with them before , but my family assured me as they wolfed down their share that it was delicious .
i feel his breath , warm against my neck .
sparks was born in houston , texas , united states , and raised in a musical family . he received his first guitar at age 11 . sparks began working in the rhythm and blues genre as a high school student , first with hank ballard and the midnighters , and then with the upsetters , a touring band formed by little richard , which also backed jackie wilson , curtis mayfield and marvin gaye .
i ask him how he can have sex with me when it makes cry .
and their fame
commercial breweries routinely sell their spent mash to farmers as animal feed . they do the same with spent hops and the enormous quantity of yeast that is left over after their large-scale fermentation . i have usually just dumped my leftover yeast onto the lawn . one time i thought it would be a healthy fertilizer , so i dumped some at the base of a maple sapling i had started that year . over the course of the next few weeks all the leaves fell off and the poor thing almost died . it's doing okay now , but i've gone back to just dumping them out . but yeast is highly nutritious and commercial breweries sell the yeast . they also sell the carbon dioxide that is generated during fermentation . so you see , nothing much goes to waste in the brewing process .
so what gives ?
digital short : helen mirrenwordswordswordss magical bosom
hope you enjoyed seeing my holiday projects , and try a pattern or two yourself !
and if you are reading this , and you are a dad , a very happy father's day to you as well .
in 1994 , he initiated an integrated social development project for the benefit of the rural people of mysore and mandya districts . a model , prototype organic farm based on natural and earth-friendly farming methods along with an internationally accredited farmer-training center has been setup in the 110-acre land on the banks of river kaveri in srirangapatam .
some of his fondest memories were of sailing the caribbean , sitting on the beach in cabo san lucas , hunting dove and deer with " the boys, " traveling rocketman-style through the northwest territories , enjoying the southwest (especially canyon de chelly and the navajo culture) , and gathering with the family for memorial day in grand coulee , columbus day in long beach , and above all , the 4th of july on priest point . tom was always happiest at home on his own deck , and never more so than when surrounded by his family . he loved crabbing and clamming with his girls , whose earliest memories include fun times on papa's boat . his warmth , humor , and gusto della vita made every holiday , birthday party , weekend barbecue , and drop-in visit special . he was our pirate , our batman , our christmas eve santa claus , and our go-to guy . we have lost our papa and our hearts are broken , but we'll carry him with us always . we'll smile when we think of him , when we eat pesto and blackberry pie , and when we remind each other , always , " alla famiglia . "
wordswordswordsroad to revolutionwordswordswords will also compare uprisings in the mahgreb and middle eastern regions with those in the west , from the 1960s to the occupy protest movement .
cholesterol - total : 235
i love my baby , but i'm pretty much convinced at this point that she's trying to break down my sanity .
no real update to offer since this past weekend , so i thought i might offer a movie review instead . my offering to you today iswordswordswords tucker and dale vs . evil .
tuesday- 6 easy miles . ran with a friend at the park for a bit who told me about a good place to train on hills nearby .
stretching through lifetimes
this journey through john with you stirs some interesting thoughts and questions for me as we walk together through the gospel . we know that john wrote his gospel well after the death and resurrection of jesus , some 55 or 60 years later . the destruction of jerusalem took place in 70 ad and john wrote this gospel around 85 or 90 ad just before his exile to the isle of patmos . we also know that john wrote the book to new christians and non-christians to prove that jesus is the son of god and that all who believe in him will have eternal life .
november 2 - sid melton , actor (alf on " green acres") , 94
my kids did and honey was a bit baffled but not disappointed ;
this card made the honorable mention for my top 100 countdown and how couldn't it ? it's a gorgeous dual multi-colored patch card numbered to 35 featuring arguably the best modern day player in the game today .
april 15wordswordswords tuesdaywordswordswords new york citywordswordswords the new york times notes that wordswordswordst . b . peterson & brothers , of philadelphia , have now in press and will publish , on saturday next , a new work of great merit , entitled the channings ; a domestic novel of real life , by mrs . henry wood.wordswordswords mrs henry wood is the pen name of ellen price wood , an english writer who , two years ago , created a literary stir with her novel east lynne .
8-kids never go to sleep when you want them too !
and in the yime of the zime the time-matter fabric of the alblackica clock
i liked brenna and dillon together . i could tell that they were the perfect fit to heal each otherwordswordswordss wounds . i just wish that they had been given a full story to flesh out all the complexities kent gives them . while the novella felt completewordswordswordsthe reader in me itched for a little more time . maybe kent will re-release in time as a longer work . iwordswordswordsd like to know more of their histories , spend some time with the mountain people , watch dillon work on his woodworking craft shirtlesswordswordswordsand iwordswordswordsd really love to see some of the love letters the characters sent to each otherwordswordswordshint , hint ! lol .
afterwards we headed out to nodding head brewery and restaurant for some food and merriment ! i was exhausted by the time i got home , but it was well worth it because now i have wonderful memories of friends and fun .
her statement said : wordswordswordswordswordswordsit is with deep sadness that i have to inform you that i have resigned my party whip with immediate effect and will be an independent councillor .
disclaimer , currently their is no flawless answer to this question . all ideas suggested could help combat piracy but their is no way to stop it entirely !
december saw me trying to cram in all the books i've been meaning to read this year . it turned out to be a very good month with hardly any disappointments . and i also managed to read 125 books during the course of the year . this includes so novellas and graphic novels , but not every little thing i read . still i'm quite happy with that number , but very unsure if i'll even come close to it in 2012 . 2012 is setting up to be a very busy year for me personally since i'm trying to sell my house and move along with a lot of travel . travel does generally mean catching up on reading though , but we'll see . anyway here is what i read in december .
(we) have walked together , learning a few words .
a wonderful husband who helps me not freak out so much , keeps me calm ,
incapable . awkward . artless . thatwordswordswordss what the other girls whisper behind her back . but sixteen year-old adelice lewys has a secret : she wants to fail . gifted with the ability to weave time with matter , shewordswordswordss exactly what the guild is looking for , and in the world of arras , being chosen as a spinster is everything a girl could want . it means privilege , eternal beauty , and being something other than a secretary . it also means the power to embroider the very fabric of life . but if controlling what people eat , where they live and how many children they have is the price of having it all , adelice isnwordswordswordst interested . not that her feelings matter , because she slipped and wove a moment at testing , and theywordswordswordsre coming for herwordswordswordstonight . now she has one hour to eat her momwordswordswordss overcooked pot roast . one hour to listen to her sisterwordswordswordss academy gossip and laugh at her dadwordswordswordss stupid jokes . one hour to pretend everythingwordswordswordss okay . and one hour to escape . because once you become a spinster , therewordswordswordss no turning back .
we didnwordswordswordst start this , but by sheer weight of numbers we can finish it . as of yesterday , european politics was bought down to the level of the reds vs . the brownshirts . there are no brownshirts as yet , but there are potentially millions of us . standing in our way are a few thousand socialists , who , not known for their bravery , will become even fewer when they realise what they have unleashed against themselves .
what is your purpose while you are on this planet ?
a wonderfully hot mug of coffee . both coffee mug and plate had to be warmed because they were so cold coming from the cupboards ! didnwordswordswordst anyone insulate in there ? ! ! !
although we spent more time relaxing than on a typical weekend , i did make time to shoot some portraits .
now youwordswordswordsre on the bench , fernando
we anticipated that i'd be going home late sunday but the doctor came by sunday afternoon and said he was keeping me there until monday or until my pain was better under control . i had no argument for him and was content to remain where i was . mainlining morphine when it's needed was key and i didn't want to lose access to that supply .
don't take anything personally
so , here is my attempt :
but , according to them , the gas was back on .
what is channel 4's motive , what is the sub-text of this patently misleading little series of programmes ?
if you're going to ask me whether i will recommend this book , i'd say yes . simply because it surpassed my expectations . i enjoyed it more than i thought i would . if you like love stories about reincarnation and past lives , a long lost love and second chances , pride and prejudice and minuet . . . then you'll always have something to love about this book . so yes , i recommend it because it's beautiful and it will captivate your heart . just give this book a try .
well , this is the quick update . can someone please do my a favor and
opaque white is very thick so it completely covers up the marker . i had to thin mine slightly to apply it evenly , but it's water-based so thinning is easy . best of all , you are using so little of this stuff that one jar will last a long time .
i know how much you love me , in just one look
release of his educational records , would of course bring to an end the rumour that he initially applied to study as a " foreign student" , but yet again , obama chooses not to disprove that rumour either . the reason can only be down to arrogance , or there is something he does not want us to know .
today i am back to clean eating and am kicking my cardio back up to full par . my body is feeling stronger everyday .
i wanted my son to develop his own interests and refused to buy into stereotypes that boys like moving vehicles and not much else . by the time he turned one , he had twenty of them wordswordswords pickup trucks , race cars , firetrucks , and dump trucks . all gifts . turns out , he loves them . he also enjoys playing dress up , pretend playing with kipper- his dog and friend (and a soft toy) , pretend cooking , and playing with blocks . while i may choke up with parental pride at his being so well-rounded , i know very well that he will change when he starts school and sees what other boys do , donwordswordswordst do , or are not supposed to do . i also know that this may well be a part of growing up and the pre-school news flash that boys and girls are different .
the second reason i feel guilty is that iwordswordswordsve let these things pass , sort of unnoticed but also sort of not . iwordswordswordsve been hoping that his behaviour would get better , he is after all only just 2 . iwordswordswordsve been hoping the speech would get better . i did speak to my health visitor about it but she said occasionally the younger sibling doesnwordswordswordst bother speaking until late because an older sibling often speaks for them . i thought this was odd at the time but accepted her reassurance .
-an okie celebwordswordswordss cowardice cause pain to those i care about
further to my introductory post of two fridays ago , brief search revealed that probatter holds registered trade mark rights for its probatter device in the usa , but not in the ctm , uk , australia or south africa . although searches were not carried out , it is unlikely that trade mark registration will exist in aripo or any of its member countries .
re-issue of the hockey classic , originally published when the author was a teenager . this young adult novel has entertained thousands of young readers and appeared on many reading lists . among its many honors :
you now know that you should have been building infrastructure . why , for instance , was the new edition of a princess of mars (with that eye-catching intro by junot diaz , the second pulitzer winning novelist attached to the project) released after the film ? you should have pushed that through the presses as soon as you green lighted the movie . ditto on a new comic book adaptation (from a market-dominating publisher like marvel , not the very respectable but very tiny dynamite or dark horse who both have miniscule mars niches) . or what about an animated tv series on cartoon network ? or a series of animated films the way dc keeps its roster of superheroes alive and literally kicking while hatching long-term blockbusters ?
after our busy day at blizzard beach we headed to downtown disney for shopping .
pretty cool , huh ? :d
i laughed last week . someone at a community centre offered me a cuppa . i declined saying i was going to mcdonalds . he was shocked cos i work on recycled textiles , read books , watch opera . yep i wanwordswordswords iwordswordswords all . i love a big mac , me . twice a year . i love a doner kebab now and again . donwordswordswordst care if itwordswordswordss bullswordswordswords bollocks ; goes down a treat . and i love fresh salad . i loved ian visits tweet saying how hewordswordswordsd bought in a whole load of salad , and a piewordswordswords in case when it came to it hewordswordswordsd look at the salad and say wordswordswordsno way!wordswordswords it happens .
same with the knowledge that dawkin's had ancestor's that owned slaves . why does this turn into a discussion about reparations and people " whining " ? that's frustrating to me and further confirms that the majority cannot and will not empathize . however , i find that many people tend to make these men into gods . they jump to their defense at the drop of a hat . it doesn't matter the subject , if they said it , it must be true . which has me question those that hold this belief . how can you say you trust anything blindly ? the beauty of being an atheist is being able to question . we get mad at people who defend god blindly , but then defend people who support your movement blindly without recourse , without empathy , and without the ability to hear the other side . how can you do that and call yourself an atheist , if you've replaced a god with a scientist ?
" you know , i really have enough contemporary art in my collection . i'm looking to acquire a new lover . "
although there were four main separate military forces in action during those times namely , the south african defence force (sadf) , airforce , navy and the police , i will only give a brief account of the sadfwordswordswordss involvement .
we have been asked to support mothers ' rights in a similar case in spain , that of habiba and her daughter .
in other news , mark bittman is confusing .
then they have a ceremony . i didn't take pix of when they actually sweep the sand into the middle of the board during the ceremony , as i was living in the moment , but i took more pix as we walked to the river . i loved the headpieces .
in any case , despite these problems , a positive point may be noted : celerity . a final decision in a main action regarding infringement and validity of patents in the commercial court usually takes more than three years to be issued . such delays result in useless decisions taken after the expiry of the right : meanwhile , time and money are wasted .
soon , for reasons we could not understand we seemed to be walking back uphill without ever reaching the car , or even wordswordswords knowingly wordswordswords setting foot on the narrow winding road the car was parked beside .
there are a lot of things that did not go right in the nha and one of those things had to do with accountabilitywordswordswordsthe hdc is not going to function like that . we are required by law to have the accounts ready in a certain period of time . the ceo will be held accountable and the cabinet will hold the minister accountable and the parliament will hold the cabinet accountable . that is what the hdc means .
* inserting a vhs tape into a vcr to watch a movie or to record something
the first is a detailed research report about his life and works under repressive regimes , list of his published and unpublished books as well as his life as a political activist . the other analysis is by respected scholar ali amiri titled wordswordswordsfaiz muhammad kateb , the rationalist historianwordswordswords , a scholarly analysis of his work . this one titled wordswordswordsin search of katebwordswordswordss workswordswordswords is by abdullah shadaan , a former official of the national archive of afghanistan . this bbc report titled wordswordswords3500-pages works of kateb endangered to extinctionwordswordswords tells the story of how a great part of katebwordswordswordss works could be lost , due to the inattention of the government and some political discrimination . it also includes concerns of the family members of kateb about the danger of extinction of 3500-pages of his works .
#723 - the fallen idol (1948) - (#668 on tspdt) before taking on my quest , the third man was the only carol reed film i had seen . my take on that was that orson welles had probably ghost directed much of the film since it seemed to be in his style . didn't really give poor mr . reed much credit , even though , upon finally seeing the fallen idol (about time , huh ? ) , he surely deserves it . now perhaps welles did give some pointers , especially the scenes involving old harry lime , but we can see here (in another adaptation of graham greene) that reed had a filmmaking prowess all his very own . a sly and twisted film that is highlighted by the always wonderful , and always dangerously sly himself , sir ralph richardson in the titular fallen role .
i don't feel deprived of anything which is why i believe this will work long term . and the buzz i had after running 25 minutes non stop thursday morning is making me get up and do it all again at 6:30am tomorrow ! !
maya delaney's paw-print birthmark is the mark of what she truly is--a skin-walker . she can run faster , climb higher , and see better than nearly everyone else . experiencing intense connections with the animals that roam the woods outside her home , maya knows it's only a matter of time before she's able to shift and become one of them . and she believes there may be others in her small town with surprising talents .
wordswordswordsmom , you were not the first person to come here from outer space!wordswordswords the four year old seemed disappointed in my understanding of human history .
every meal an outdoor picnic
like many great soundtrack albums , the music holds it own without people even thinking about the film .
*new york life insurance
rests half buried in the sand .
an i-phone with service would pretty much do me right . iwordswordswordsm a victim of the times i suppose . if iwordswordswordsm forced to bring two other thingswordswordswordsendless supply of sunblock , iwordswordswordsm pretty fair-skinned . lastly , electricity . gotta charge the i-phone .
its fantastic properties has made it a common plant in tropical gardens , and you will find it without problems at the chiang mai khamtieng flower market if you ask for wordswordswordsmiraclewordswordswords . we grow it as a small bush in full sun and water moderately . it does not like water logging . you can grow it in a pot too . the fruits come in flushes many times a year , and should be eaten when fully red . beware of the stone , and do not swallow to quickly , but let the tongue soak itself in the pulp . the effect lasts for about 45 minutes so do not eat this fruit before lunch or dinner .
didn't see you up there ? do not despair . those selections were random loves . there's a whole lotta goodness in that link party i didn't even touch yet ! wish i had the time to feature all of you .
crwordswordsme awoke being roughly skaken . it was still dark .
last night my son , age 9 , came down the stairs to my bedroom at 11pm (we live in a three storey house) . he was fast asleep . and this is how the next five minutes went :
aside from the winstead , the acting elsewhere is perfectly fine . michelle trachtenberg is in this black christmas , but try to forget about that ; just like you forget about those seasons of buffy she ruined . katie cassidy is in it too , playing out yet another movie that should have starred john saxon in a rollneck jumper .
what is really behind its mask ?
also like us on facebook or follow us on twitter at @997now to find out where we are going to be striking next! ! !
so there you go ! an alternative to traditional stain that won't give you a fume headache .
and cheek by jowl with many a growl
though i always wanted to do something with kidswordswordswordsi had forced myself to give up the dream because i wanted to protect the kids . as harry potter once said wordswordswordswhat if something had gone wrong inside of me ? wordswordswords i didnwordswordswordst know at one point whatever it all was i didnwordswordswordst know if i could control it . so i isolated myself away from my dreams instead . i had kept a journal at the time that is no longer in existence where all throughout there were pages where i had written out for help . that i needed help and i didnwordswordswordst know how to stop . (all the thoughts , suggestions , masturbation , viewings on the computer , the fantasy chatting with random people in chat rooms that had been introduced to me from one of my good friends) there was so much written . . when i had relooked through it once , that i didnwordswordswordst even remember writing it . i remember being confused when i looked at a few pageswordswordswordsdid i write that ? but all that aside . i didnwordswordswordst believe because of all that i had donewordswordswordsi could now longer be what i had wanted to be .
awww , i am the queen of doing projects and not sharing them with you for months . this is another example . remember when i spotted this photo in a houzz ideabook a couple of months ago ?
in reality , fdr hadnwordswordswordst written haitiwordswordswordss constitution , but if he had , he should have kept his mouth shut about it wordswordswords his timing was incredibly bizarre : news had just broken of a series of marine massacres in haiti .
there will be two new kim hargreaves books coming for fall
e . essential start to your day : emmett snuggles
this is my parents with my sis and i . i think we all scrubbed up rather well - especially as after all the looking for clothes for the kiddies i just grabbed stuff out of my wardrobe for the day . at the beginning is a blog of the sweetpeas .
but , as we said , this is all supposition .
15 . " no more gigs " wordswordswords 2:53
djs : cousin benson , testify , kimihiro , michael jemmeson (jukebox jam) , gavin home
roll out pie crust to about 1/4 inch thick and cut out rectangular pieces to desired size . for my template , i used the broad side of a stash tea box wordswordswords it worked perfectly . two nine inch crusts should make about six pop-tarts .
it is not rare for us to see successive films that deal with similar topics grace our local screens . be it the possible corporate subterfuge that resulted in the animated films antz and a bug's life being released in the same year or the cultural zeitgeist forming a critical mass of choreographed documentaries about dance like pina , joffrey : mavericks of dance , and space in back of you into bay area movie houses this quarter , let alone the so you think you can dance ? and dancing with the stars tv empires , it's not unusual to find several films in dancing time with the same spirit .
even if you get through to the interview stage , the moment an employer looks at a disabled potential employee and imagines that they may need to fund access changes , specialist seating , telecoms , whatever they might need to actually do the job , the potential for the disabled person to be surreptitiously dumped as wordswordswordstoo costlywordswordswords raises its ugly head . extra costs are actually minimal in most cases and the dwpwordswordswordss access to work scheme was designed to take care of the non-minimal cases , funding a range of equipment and services for employer (seats , telecoms , access changes etc.) , or employee (p.a.s , taxis etc.) . atw was unique , it was a benefit that actually turned a profit for the government , with the treasury receiving about wordswords1.48 in income tax etc . for every pound atw spent . before the election there was even talk of tweaking how atw worked so that someone like me could arrive for interview at a potential employer and tell them that a package of extra support to cover little stuff like only being able to work while lying flat was already arranged . so of course when the coalition took power , with their absolute focus on pushing as many disabled people as possible back into the workforce , they promptly slashed atwwordswordswordss budget and the range of items covered , leading to a marked drop in the number of people being helped and meaning that many disabled people will now present potential employers with a distinct capital cost for selecting them over a non-disabled candidate . thanks , ids !
he is , i presume an american , because he wrote wordswordswordsno offensewordswordswords instead of the british english wordswordswordsno offencewordswordswords . i have a suspicion the problem may be an example of two nations separated by a common language wordswordswords even in cyberspace .
not that long ago
and i'm just trying to figure out what exactly it could be that john lewis sell that would be big enough to require a box yet be pocket-money price .
-miracle seed
but minimalism is not only seen in the esthetics in this kitchen design . practicality and functionality is equally important and no individual item has been selected solely for its aesthetic or decorative value . for example the selection of two side by side electrolux ovens offers the ability to entertain multiple guests (as requested by the client) whilst also creating a sense of balance in the veneer feature . the same applies to the placement of the refrigerator which are strategically placed in the centre of the room ensuring both easy access and balance within the space .
great news for all ! we no longer have to hide away our bulges or other quirks that make us self-conscious to others , because youwordswordswordsre other half (if theywordswordswordsre worth it that is!) , think youwordswordswordsre amazing anyway .
they begun their vlogging as a more personal way of keeping in touch as they live a fair distance away from each other . this developed into the popular vlogs that thousands of youtube fans enjoy to this day .
floridians are going to have to start pulling up their pants and stop having sex with animals soon .
4 . are you afraid death ? why or why not ? nope . i am afraid of dying in great pain or alone but being dead will probably be no different than what it was like for me before i had consciousness so i donwordswordswordst see whatwordswordswordss to be afraid of .
imogen : jude , look at me !
by ian young
today was kind of a crazy day , it was a really emotional day but good . i did the usual , studied a lot of ukrainian , wrote my 5 min ukrainian talk , thankgoodness i didnt have to give the talk though cause it would have been bad . i talked to the bishop today cause i've been getting a little home sick so he told me i just need to look for the positive things in life and that i need to relax , he said i am to uptight .
in the days before moto-cross , mountain bikes and 10-speeds , when i was 11 , all i wanted was a 5 speed banana seat bike . why a banana seat ? they looked cool . they had that metallic shimmer . you could fit an stp and a wynn's sticker on it and more than one butt . more kids than bikes ? no problem . sizable convoys of kids on bikes were a common sight , ' riding ' each other , two and even three per bike , one on the back of the seat , one on the handlebars . i especially liked " riding " loretta dickerson , the only girl dickerson kid , with four brothers . she was the first tomboy i'd ever known , and she taught me the term . " i'm a girl but i'm a tomboy so i don't wear dresses . " her name was pronounced " the retta . "
in 1941 , george traveled back to his birthplace with his father gaskell , marveling at the ups-and-downs of the family history .
the drive by truckers show , the basilica bells began to chime , and the
an earthquake is called as intra-plate when it occurs within the plate and not at the edges of two plates . since it is an intra-plate earthquake , no subduction takes place , and the movement is along the fault where one edge of the plate grinds past the other horizontally causing a strike-slip fault .
i have always tried to teach my children that there is no greater freedom on this earth than to be self-reliant . this means being you must be one that you can count on the most . you , and you alone , are the one who can control your destiny the best---not your parents , not the government .
halley berrrry smoothie
glue on the post earrings . allow the glue to set overnight or according to the glue manufacturer's instructions .
spiced honey
2)i received this show years ago doing a cassette trade . unfortuneately,the only date i recived with this show was " 1993" . if anyone knows the exact date , please leave a note in the comments section,and i will update the text info.thanks ! !
in this weeks challenge i used the following carts :
" self-love is the only weight-loss aid that really works in the long run . " - jenny craig
author : kate morton
johann strauss ii : tales from the vienna woods
joanne nail didn't make many movies , but at least two of them have found long-loyal fans over the decades . and when technical snafus forced a previously-recorded commentary with her to be scrapped , and i was asked to sit with her and re-do it , it was a privilege for me to sit with the eternal switchblade sister . the visitor is quite a goofy movie , with its parade of slumming legends (john huston , shelley winters) and bizarre patchwork of elements from every major ' 70's trend (demonic possession , space travel , conspiracy theory) , but you get caught up in it all the same . part of the reason is the legitimately thought-out and committed performance by nail , which she details in our chat , demonstrating that sometimes the best acting is devoted to the most ludicrous stories .
" jones harvest publishing along with 230 (so far) plus six other companies is finally filing suit against bonnie kaye . i already paid the miller law group in west lawn pa for the whole thing , so i don't need any money from you or anyone .
from the core
anyhoo . now communications director lisa bennet writes :
even when injured , the show must go on , no matter what . even with injury on stage , adam could have done more in his performance with the injury apparent .
that wasn't true . josh had no clue that i had contacted a few of his closest friends (whom he has been friends with since grade school!) and that we were all planning a surprise lunch for him :)
i go and look and find it in his study . hewordswordswordss very relieved . in a joint effort , we pay for his petrol remotely , using his credit card .
itwordswordswordss a common mistake : the developer of the game assumed that if the game received an onresume() message , it was safe to resume audio . the problem is that onresume() doesnwordswordswordst necessarily mean your app is visible wordswordswords only that itwordswordswordss active . in the case of a locked phone , onresume() is sent as soon as the screen turns on , even though the phonewordswordswordss display is on the lock screen and the volume buttons arenwordswordswordst enabled .
you never know what the day is going to bring . what obstacle , miracle , disappointment or surprise . it's all in god's hand and what he has planned for us .
instead of phys . ed . i was riding my bike with my brothers or friends every day , and hiking in the woods with my dad and my dog . instead of english class , i read jack london and anne rice and shakespeare (among countless others) , and when i was twelve i wrote a two hundred page adventure novel with characters based on friends . i then got myself a copy of the current writers and illustrators market and learned about how to get a book edited and published . instead of science , i watched the crocodile hunter religiously , i read the origin of species , and numerous zoology books from the library , and then i went outside and hunted down frogs , salamanders,turtles , snakes , i taught myself how to identify them , and where they lived . i had the time for many " extra-curricular activities " such as volunteering at the library , horseback riding , martial arts classes , training my dog , tye dying tee shirts , going to music festivals , museums , or
i've always been jealous of other campers ' tapestries and fun colors . in previous years , we had an old , solid gray shower curtain and a poorly tie-dyed sheet which worked great at blocking the sun , but didn't add much to the overall aesthetic of our camp . last year i bought a small tapestry , but i wanted more this year .
michael cuscuna (no less) wrote these excellent sleeve notes :
37 . ebon gryphon wordswordswords 50 gold
zest from 1 lemon (reserved from below)
yet it is clear that mr masing , who poses as a democratically elected yb , thinks he can continue to bully the wordswordswordsignorantwordswordswords rural folk .
wordswordswordshey dude ! just saw on the cork board down here at the box that there is another extreme fun mud run coming up ! ? ! can you believe it ? ! ? htfu dude and change your tamponwordswordswordsone more run wonwordswordswordst kill you , will it ? wordswordswords
non sequitor : i love summer . pool parties are second best to dance parties .
what did being sick teach you about yourself ? about god ? about patience ? about compassion ?
in the grand scheme of things we're this insignificant particle in the firmament . yet , each of us has a unique personality that allows to achieve feats that , though not great in that grand scheme of things , contribute to our and each other's well-being . just saying hello with a smile to someone else on the street could make that difference . we're all born with two languages : our mother tongue and a smile ; the latter needs no translation .
guitarist lenny kaye's collection lp of us garage bands , nuggets , released in 1972 , helped to define punk . it showed that it was not all sweet mersey pop in the 1960's . full of snarling bands like the standells and the 13th floor elevators , nuggets became an underground success , and helped inform us groups of the early 70's such as the stooges and the new york dolls . british entrepeneur malcolm mclaren briefly managed the latter group in 1975 and brought a lot of their ideas over to britain . he and fellow travellers took this basic template , added the disafectation of british youth and launched punk into a largely complacent music scene that didn't know its topographic ocean from its tubular bell .
after a lengthy telephone conversation which explained all of the above i was told payton would need another surgery . this time it will be under anesthesia in the hospital where they will remove the entire tumor until they have clean margins . unfortunately because of the placement of the tumor he will most likely have a pretty nasty scar but we can live with that . as long as the pathology shows the tumor in the 97% of benign growth things are good and we just have to watch him for other growths which are common . if it is within the 3%- that is bad and we aren't thinking about it unless we have to .
i would also add a sub-point here wordswordswords that to include the gospel in every sermon text you preach . the gospel is simple , so matter which text you are preaching from , you can always include the gospel message , somewhere in there .
the mia is compact enough that it can travel with you . it has a charger you can easily plug in anywhere- no batteries to worry about changing . the mia is also waterproof for easy cleaning .
and treasuring all the wonderful parts in my heart .
johnny cash has a famous song about the travails of a boy named sue , and gossip columnists love to mock and condemn the absurd names celebrities give their offspring . it is certainly how to see how any kid could enjoy being called apple or trixibelle or pilot helikopter . but very common names can also be troublesome to their bearers . as a kid , i was asked with tiresome regularity whether i played the saxophone , and how well i could skate . i had the same name as a smooth-playing , cheesily moustachioed american jazz musician and a figure skater who had won gold on the sarajevo ice at the 1984 winter olympics .
line 2 cookie sheets with parchment paper
maybe i can get the want to get some regular posting done because i sure don't have it right now . there is pretty much nothing interesting me in the card world right now . the 1971 set has come to a screeching halt . i'm buying zero new product (gypsy queen was a total letdown if you ask me) and pretty much won't be until series 2 hits . no i don't care that harper is in it but i also don't mind that topps is doing it either . harper can sure drive a product to sell and thats what topps does , sell cards . sell cards to make money . it's the simplest explanation that people seem to forget .
this wordswordswordsspotlightwordswordswords holds us accountable for what i call wordswordswordsthe responsibilities of heroism.wordswordswords these responsibilities are simple , but they are not easy . honor , courage , quiet professionalism , humility , and exemplary citizenship wordswordswords essentially , the ideals outlined in the seal ethos . once you become a hero , you are always held to account , and expectations are high .
* jasmine adores abc reading eggs , and manages to pass the quizzes at the end of each map but has reached a level that she finds hard to do alone . she refuses to repeat any activities , and insists on continuing on to harder lessons . her persistence , frustration and desire to read create an interesting tension at times ! i try to figure out when to help and when to stay out of the way .
and monument . we queue to see
the osg maintained that respondents-claimantswordswordswords reliance on pd no . 1801 and pta circular no . 3-82 was misplaced . their right to judicial confirmation of title was governed by ca no . 141 and pd no . 705 . since boracay island had not been classified as alienable and disposable , whatever possession they had cannot ripen into ownership .
from lake tekapo car park , turn left , pass the yha and follow the lakeside trail . there was frost when i was hiking . the ground and plants were covered in icicles .
even as i write this , iwordswordswordsm sweating and starting to whimper , wordswordswordsnooo , god , noooo , nooooo!wordswordswords but thatwordswordswordss because of my own connotations with the word work . in my life , work is something i have to do . i drag my ass out of bed every morning and dutifully punch my timecard . iwordswordswordsm lucky in that some components of my workwordswordswordsgraphic designwordswordswordsare things iwordswordswordsm passionate about , but letwordswordswordss be honest . some days work eats my soul .
it was a great way to get the first copies of the beautiful calendar's into peoples hands . ..and we got to see and hang out with so many artists and friends we hadnt seen in so long + meet new peeps too .
as the co-founder of both moveon and momsrising , iwordswordswordsve had the privilege of being on the cutting edge of some profound changes in the way citizens engage in politics online and off . in 1998 it felt like we caught a tiger by the tail when moveon had 500,000 people sign the one sentence petition to , wordswordswordscensure the president and move on to pressing issues facing the country.wordswordswords in 2000 , moveon raised over 2 million dollars in contributions for house and senate candidates online . that was extraordinary at that time . moveon was part of the biggest antiwar movement in the history of the world . it still breaks my heart that the huge wave of citizen oppositions failed to stop the war in iraq from being started . momsrising is a new vibrant voice in the womenwordswordswordss movement , it already has more than a million members and works with more than 150 policy partners . through my work with both of these organizations , iwordswordswordsve come to trust the good will and common sense of average citizens more than anything .
two of the five points that our pastor touched on were 1) a mature person is positive under pressure and 2) a mature person has mastered his mouth . these hit me hard . these past couple of weeks with my back and neck problems and being so tight on money i havenwordswordswordst been the most positive person . i think that my poor boyfriend and best friend have heard me complain more than theywordswordswordsve ever wanted to .
7 . china's great wall .
7now to the one half of the tribe of manasseh , moses had given a heritage in bashan ; but to the other half , joshua gave a heritage among their brothers on the west side of jordan . now when joshua sent them away to their tents , he gave them his blessing ,
wordswordswordsiwata wataru interviewed by nadine and thierry ribault , fukushima : everything has to be done again for us to stay in the contaminated areas wordswordswords here
love forever and always ,
registration and abstract deadline : august 1 , 2012
- bought easyjet toys for my nephews 13 euro x 2
and so the answer to sykeswordswordswordss question : wordswordswordsandwordswordswordswho else would do this ? wordswordswords ? any number of people committed to wordswordswordsresisting a foreign occupationwordswordswords for any number of political and religious reasons . how ugly , how obviously convenient , to lump all opposition together under the name of the westwordswordswordss great bete noire , wordswordswordsal-qaeda.wordswordswords
1 . electric sander(s) wordswordswords when i started out furniture upcycling , i only had a palm sander . it did the job . i still use the palm sander quite a bit for detail sanding and for most of my distressing . i have a craftsman mouse and like it very much .
i shudder to think of my tip being added to the likes of hers , but i'll give it a crack anyway . no point quitting before you've failed , right ?
" i have your ' buddy' , and the dorm is ' hand held' , you have to take my hand " she told me .
doesn't this look a lot more like a red and gold than the actual table cover's poo-brown and pee-yellow ? or is it just me ?
and mr . 7 has no interest and no idea- i don't mean anything bad by this at all ! believe me i am very proud of him and his ability to stay true to himself . he has a passion for art and has said since he was 3 that " when i grow up i am going to be an artist . actually . . . . i already am one! " (he is my child responsible for all manner of magnificent philosophical statements as mentioned on an earlier post.)
iwordswordswordsd really like to be your soul mate.we never matched as far as our backgrounds go.but iwordswordswordsd really love to give it a try.i am sorry the facts catch up on my intentions .
gingrich : i would say that there are three ways in which religion would affect me .
i really liked the use of such pop and erotic display in the middle of the city centre . amsterdam is definitely more open than most places i know of in the world .
it's fun to purchase something this way : a bit subversive , more personal , and with the special kick that comes from knowing that in some small way you are supporting a real person and her passion for creation . in this case , hot damn ! wordswordswords a member of the secret society of dirty sisters , helping me clean up that sink full of dishes . (these dish cloths , which come in many other colors , would also make great face cloths.) that's my consumer advisory for the day , with this disclaimer : no catalogs were created in the marketing of these items .
you can see it better here at the zipper opening . it fits in the hips , but i need to take out 3wordswordswords a piece at the side seams , and 1/4wordswordswords at cb top of waistband (a curve basically) and another smidgen at cf , and grade these down to the hips smoothly . i also really need to lower the waistband first because itwordswordswordss covering my bellybutton and i donwordswordswordst like that . realistically to make these a wearable muslin , i need to seam rip the waistband , shorten the waist seam and lower the front pleats and back darts . then refit the waist seam since it will be in a new position . then after that fitting i would have to resew the waistband and insert a zipper . i didnwordswordswordst have enough fabric for the lining of the waistband , so i will have to cut re-sized waistband from another fabric and insert that as well before deciding on exact hem length . am i going to do it ? honestly i donwordswordswordst know if i like them that much ! at this point , winter weather really set in last weekend and i realized how few winter items i actually own so iwordswordswordsm motivated in that direction . this muslin is going to take a nap . when i went to put it in the box , i came across a ufo in need of a zipper .
to that end , i purchased what is referred to as a " park model " - a small , one bedroom , single wide manufactured home that is anchored to the desert . they are limited to 400 square feet , so you can imagine how small it is , but it feels huge in comparison to the motorhome . i now have a full queen sized mattress and a recliner . wow .
and today was his memorial
wordswordswordsthanks , jeremy . wow . . . thatwordswordswordss an interesting plant.wordswordswords
for my nails , i chose a permanent shade from china glaze that was featured in an old trio pack (check out all lacquered up's old post here on it) that was meant to help spread awareness . part of the proceeds for this trio went towards susan g komen for the cure . i do not have this trio , i bought this at sallys a couple years ago and apparently this little guy made its way into the single polish rack .
what is not to love about spring in berlin ?
* dr . h . is on spring break this week , and he's already been on two hikes . check them out at his hiking blog , 900 miles . i so wish that we had spring break at the same time !
here's what i wanted from these :
before i go to sleep is an ambitious debut novel : a story told from the point of view of an amnesiac whose memory , both short term and most of her long term , disappears overnight and dumps her back into life each morning over two decades earlier . even then her memory of life until then is patchy and imperfect .
you lock down the foundation that everything else will fall into first - who you are , where you're going and how you'll get there (a.k.a . research) . then you move on to the more detail oriented tasks - brand positioning , brand identity , brand plan . and last but not least , the nitty gritty details that you can't forget but never remember - updating all letterhead , docs , envelopes , business cards and email signatures with your new look , setting the tone for your new culture and rallying your troops (in the midst of all the top-level business decisions , you can't forget about your front line - these folks are going to be your brand ambassadors) .
can we say bike good : car bad ? the bike is associated with cyril and also with samantha and in one idyllic scene cyril allows samantha to ride his bike , showing that she has now earned his love . the car of the dealer wesker surely represents everything undesirable , while samanthawordswordswordss car seems to be possessed by the (ex-)boyfriend gilles except when it has the bike inside it . similarly city good : countryside bad , bad things happen in the waste land next to the estate where cyril and samantha live ; but they include a kind of resurrection of course . not to mention women good : men bad , but then samantha is the only female character and really the only positive one as well .
christians then have to begin with marriage in all our talk about sex , not because wewordswordswordsre killjoys who think all awful things should be saved for marriage , but rather because therewordswordswordss a deep level of intimacy that happens through sex and that sort of intimacy shouldnwordswordswordst be thrown around . sex carries the weight of the world in the most literal sense possible . so we believe sex only makes sense within the covenant relationship of marriage .
leave a comment and let me know you voted .
will there ever be another
59 . there is a strange noise coming from my roof .
found myself on this mad mission
this little beauty is one iwordswordswordsve made a few times in the limited time iwordswordswordsve had the recipe . it was gyled with the pale ale but at only 1.0025 points difference they are nearly identical and you arenwordswordswordst gaining anything gyling these babies up . as for the akwordswordswordss , i just love the akwordswordswordss and really do wonder why they died out like they did . the combination of grainy husky american 6-row malt with the elegant english pale malts (mo , optic , etc) really make this beer layered . the maize is usually never enough to be wordswordswordscornywordswordswords but you definitely get a wordswordswordsmaizywordswordswords .
" i can do this . i can , i know i can , promise ! but you have to let me go home first . "
it doesnwordswordswordst matter , itwordswordswordss not like any explanation at all is given . seriously , none whatsoever . they just happen to have warped to a boat .
it does really annoy me when these kind of laws are dreamed up however .
i really love this bedroom . the color palette is so fresh and romantic . i'm all about peach right now and that pretty peach velvet bolster adds just the right amount of feminine flare to the space . also , don't you just love that bed ? ! ? the circular , brass detail on the top of the canopy is such a lovely touch and i really like that it adds another finish to the space . i also really love the pattern that's on the headboard . . .
in other words , if you donwordswordswordst see how the focus on the things shapes your attitudes , you will think that you canwordswordswordst choose an alternative legal career that pays much less than the ridiculous salaries of biglaw .
but this one did meet some buyer resistance : it started off life as a resale in may of last year at $3.6 million , a hefty price that , when the agent asked me , i said was too high . i suspect it was the owners rather than the agent who insisted on this price wordswordswords after all , theywordswordswordsd paid $3.125 million for it in 2004 and probably thought the value of their house had gone up since then . but they eventually saw the light or at least a dim glimmer of it and after two price reductions , found a buyer . i wouldnwordswordswordst think theywordswordswordsll get as much as that 2004 price but these days , who knows ? they might even have a bidding war on their hands . sheesh .
if you like mysteries and discovery ,
as it's friday we're giving you all another chance to nose into our lives . and we expect reciprocal rights of course .
hypothesis and author of books painting worst-case global warming scenarios in spectacularly lurid terms wordswordswords has just announced that , well , actually , he overstated things dramatically , so did other climate activists such as al gore , and global warming actually wonwordswordswordst be as bad as all that .
apple and peanut butter oat triangles (dairy free)
such a winter . has the earth
more often than not a gentleman needs only a hint of a tan to take the edge off a pale complexion so when in doubt build your tan gradually .
rating wordswordswords 3/5
soraya would go to the manwordswordswordss house to clean for him and cook . she then became friends with this man and his son because they treated her with respect . her husband would follow her and watch everything she did . on two occasions he saw her talking to the man she worked for in what wordswordswordsappearedwordswordswords to be private and intimate conversations . from these two incidences he accused her of having the intention to cheat on him which is considered to be adultery in itself .
on the rise are pierre-auguste renoir , claude monet and salvador dali , names that a few years ago were unfashionable in some art circles . in recent years , some western buyers dismissed their work as passwordswords wordswordswordscrowd-pleasing but uninteresting . new art collectors , however , tend to gravitate to the european impressionists that are pretty and accessible . newly wealthy asian buyers have been bidding up renoirs and monets .
quality means also a minimum layer of fat , and a perfect ph level , which depends on the way pigs are killed . no gluten is used to make pieces of meat stick together and a reasonable amount of water and salt is injected , unlike those who use large amounts in industrial processing to make the meat weight heavier without any benefit in the taste .
be back later with what i am loving , and the chicken salad recipe ! !
i had prepared this post last night so it was ready to go early this morning . then when i got up this morning , i saw that the idea of this card could also work for today's splitcoast clean and simple challenge which includes a sketch by taylor (whom you have already seen on this hop!) so , i made a second card for you that showcases a different sentiment . unfortunately , it belated occurred to me that i should also have used a different silhouette for you to see .
you want a great marketing strategy ? create an incredible customer experience and youwordswordswordsll have the greatest contributor to new and recurring business you could have . think about it . most business owners and managers think of marketing and promoting their business in the context of spending money on advertising . while certainly advertising and other forms of marketing your business are key , creating a superior customer experience is the first worthy marketing investment you can make .
i remember at my first hypnobirthing class , 15wks pregnant , and my instructor asked every couple to share what they hoped to gain from taking her class . i said , wordswordswordswell , i really don't want a c-section , and i really want my birth to be a satisfying experience.wordswordswords
like the decisions i had to make on vacation were so hard !
i pureed the strawberries , and mixed in the cake , but didn't get any dramatic colors ! guess you have to use some food coloring for that pink/red color . it did have a faint strawberry smell , taste and some texture too .
some of whbipa i've sampled has been simply out of this world . the state bar , for example , presented a stunning and well looked after , fantastic example of this beer . it was full of intense hop nose and creamy roast malt served at a temperature that allowed each of the flavours in the beer to be savoured and enjoyed in a beautifully balanced pint .
block down , punch , step . ..pause . ..knife hand , punch . ..pause . ..kosa , step , block down
and god knows the heart did sink
on the market - by no means as easily available as it merits . but then again , it's a tricky beer to market , what with it's junior-sized bottle visibly yearning for a multipack and looking too insubstantial on it's own . there goes my old bugbear issue again . . .
" running wild " could have been recorded at any point from 1966 onwards , being pushed forwards by a stomping rhythm and simple riff , and sounds pretty great today . it's not a record of sophistication , but the whining guitar lines , lyrical concerns of " running wild and sleeping rough " and rock and roll journeymen tales do make it a bit of a primal beast , although never so uptempo that it doesn't have an agreeable dirty laziness to the rhythm as well . this was apparently something of a favourite on some club dancefloors at the time , although obviously that didn't seem to translate to record sales .
western kentucky university begins classes on monday , january 23rd . i will return to the hill myself on the 24th to observe wku's advising center and techniques . i've already had a bit of a moment with them by extension . ..they're doing what we call a transfer transcript evaluation for hopkins . in his case , this involves multiple transcripts and several different course catalogs . i can physically lay hands on the one under which he was enrolled at the community college when it belonged to the university of kentucky ; it's from my freshman year and i still have it back in smalltownland in the basement of the chez . the one from the current community college system for his years of matriculation are in my office -again , no problem . the one from that place in baltimore is the issue .
i'm lucky that the public dental services in my area are really good . these services can really vary a lot in availability according to where you live , i have found . i had been to this clinic before to get my wisdom teeth removed . everyone there is really friendly and professional , and the individuals work together as a team well . so , when a piece of one of my molars broke off last week , leaving a sharp edge , i called them straight away . well , once business hours started . it helps to have these things happen on a weekday .
8 turned
1/2 c . white sugar
that was all the sightseeing we got to do . we had to take the boys to the doctors one day for their checkup and we went to the us embassy another day to pick up their paperwork in order to go home . but 3 days goes by pretty quickly and soon it was time to leave . we loved kazakhstan and look forward to taking the boys back when they are older and seeing more of the cities .
so she called animal control .
like many of us , when we lose someone dear , certain anniversaries come along that will call to mind events . birthday parties , family vacations , those talks that went on all night .
alias boston blackie (suspense - 1942) . . . tcm . . . 6:45 am
it's lonely .
we had two months where i swore i was pregnant ; one i was almost 6 days late and then the dreaded period came :/ that heartache really weighed heavy on me .
editors are like educators because they resemble photosynthesis and related processes . they turn the private language of the writer into public language . but in so doing , they alter and shape the way the writer uses private language . writers often comment on how editors have shown them much that needs improvement in their practice .
we are most richly blessed just because god cares so much for us that he gives us what we need , more than what we think we need . we donwordswordswordst know how to pray , but can rejoice because romans 8:26 says ,
wondered why their image came ?
hindustan times has a slideshow of images fromt he roundup of punk rock kids and their " rehabilitation " including this one of a crying girl getting her hair cut off to make her sharia compliant :
if i was stranded on a desert island for a year , i would listen to :
mashed in right where i wanted at 154 degrees for 1 hour . this should provide a nice thick chewy mouth-feel but also it left some unfermentable sugars that'll probably give it a little bit sweeter of a taste . it also led to my gravity reading being lower then i expected at around 1074 . because of the higher mash temp and my brew-house efficiency somewhere in the 60% range it won't be as high gravity as expected . not sure if my efficiency went down because it was too big a beer for my mash tun or because of the higher mash temp . sparged at 165 for 30 minutes and started a boil with about 7 gallons of wort that looked like it came out of an oil can . i hopped the crap out of it so hopefully the bitterness will blend well with the higher amount of residual sugars created in the higher mash temp .
fashion designer betsey johnsonwordswordswordss company filed for bankruptcy protection thursday night in new york , following poor performance in its chain of retail stores .
japanese knotweed is at its tastiest when it's just begun to sprout and is still flexible at a stage where it's called " wild rhubarb " (in vermont , early to mid may) , otherwise the stalks become woody as they grow taller . and by snipping the early stalks before they go to flower and spread their seed you do the landscape , and your belly , a huge service .
i rolled out early and headed for the computer (disregarding the dog wanting feed before sunrise and before going out) . i wanted my morning fix of blogs . thatwordswordswordss the equivalent of saying i rose sick this morning .
monday , august 20thwordswordswordsi met my new case worker .
so . this is incredibly belated . as in , it was supposed to post mid-march ! but .
his wife from pola de siero .
i found the text in the journal of the scottish brewing archive vol . 3 , 2001 , pages 31 - 36 , though the original source is a document held in the archive . it's a report by a . j . heslop into the state of the brewery along with his recommendations for sorting out the problems . and there are certainly plenty of those .
makes about 60 cookies
they gave away branded baking gear , spatulas and whisks left out on the table for the taking .
monstrous , energetic , witty and stylishwordswordswords
and thatwordswordswordss because the tx dept of health and human services told them that in october of 2011 dad left the home he was in in ft . worth .
as you can see in the pictures there were some traffic outside her house . i first thought it could be her house , turned out to be the house next to it . i really donwordswordswordst know how all that turned out , but like half an hour later they were gone . esteff is one of the girls that is scrapbooking , in a way iwordswordswordsd like to do it too . but it costs a lot to do it well and i really feel like i can use that money elsewhere . and also i have my facebook album and blog , so i can remember what i did . iwordswordswordsm thinking iwordswordswordsll do something to sum up my year by the time i get back . then iwordswordswordsll know what meant the most . malin then came over , she lives like two houses down (theywordswordswordsre so lucky!) and we went to starbucks . since it was sunday i thought i could spice it up a little with a coffee cake with whipped cream . you see the result , haha ! when we got back malin went to the gym and we started watching easy a . that esteff had never watched . itwordswordswordss sooooo good ! i can watch it thousand times !
though this recipe is fairly filling for one person you can easily double or triple the recipe . if you're using pancake mix pay attention to the quantities given on the box and simply grate enough zucchini and onion that it seems like you have at least half of each . i like the sweetness that a generic pancake mix gives these pancakes but for a healthier option try making the mix from scratch .
i was a bloody stump
we have been fed propaganda for many years and they get away with it .
fb : and the negroes wordswordswords werenwordswordswordst they brought here from africa as slaves and later emancipated by white people ?
another way messenger angels relay messages to an individual is through images . letwordswordswordss say , for example , that a lot of books and periodicals will have pictures in them . sometimes these are scenes of nature or people who are promoting certain products and so forth . if one comes across a picture that relates to the message that needs to be transmitted to them , the messenger angel can choose to have certain pictures turn up time and time again . letwordswordswordss say you are reading a book about marine life in the pacific and the problems and perils these lives are facing at this time . the words and images in this article will also conjure up images in your own mind and help make a point clear . but that is all it is , a point you understand . but then letwordswordswordss say that over the next several days or weeks you keep coming across television programs , pictures in magazines , or images from some other source such as whales and dolphins coming up in conversation you have with others will certainly bring to your attention that something about these creatures is of importance to you in some way . you in turn set off on the task of discovering what that meaning could be . all these are reinforcing images that letwordswordswordss you know that the plight of these creatures and their suffering is related to you or perhaps it implies that you can help do something to relieve this suffering . if and when the latter is true , the messenger angel is fully aware of this you see . maybe the image received has to do with human events and suggests that there is something you can do about that situation . images of war and conflict might have to do with conflict in onewordswordswordss own personal life . human beings are rather interesting when it comes to personal matters where stress abides . it can be much easier to simply ignore such conflict due to pride and ego-type things that can be stumbling blocks to taking steps to dispel this kind of thing .
olivier gourmet , the son
any group needs feedback to know if they are on the right track .tamasine added- wordswordswordswe had an average of thirty people attending each week and found that we had people with dementia coming from their own homes and also from nursing homes . we have received inspiring feedback .
8 . being forced to sit obscenely
this is a composite scan , of a number of stamps showing volcanoes . i have shown this before , many weeks before , but hey , it's my blog and i want to show it again . :-) exciting , but don't get too close !
furthermore , sometimes a threat is enough . for instance , in the far north of thailand , powerful businessmen wordswordswords with government connections (thailand is an extremely corrupt society) , planned to move power plant equipment across the border to a burmese town that is controlled by drug lords . the equipment was to be used to build a generating plant that would have been fueled with dirty coal . the plant would have spread severe air pollution throughout the region (and provided electricity for narcotics factories) . a large group of local thai villagers rallied and prevented the convoy of trucks carrying the equipment from crossing into burma , with the threat that if the convoy tried they would destroy the trucks . there was a standstill that lasted weeks but the threat worked . the trucks withdrew and the power plant was never built .
we realize that some women , through no fault of their own , are not able to bear children . to these lovely sisters , every prophet of god has promised that they will be blessed with children in the eternities and that posterity will not be denied them .
me : " hell ain't soundin ' half bad to me right about now . "
and serve over rice .
animal activists should have their paws up in outrage !
or maybe if her blitz is on shewordswordswordss left two or three receivers wordswordswords or friends wordswordswords open . in that case max protection means you call in your fullback and tight end because those lugs need a reward for having your back . or you could just have a three- or foursome . thatwordswordswordss why we have audibles : flexibility means options , and options mean two girls wordswordswords one of them very lonely and clearly in need of company , or else whatwordswordswordss she doing with you and your girl on valentinewordswordswordss day ? wordswordswords attacking you without mercy .
all of us have gone through difficulties in our lives . all of us are indebted to people who have given us so much that there is no way we can ever repay them . instead of trying to pay back , i urge you to focus on paying forward . volunteering to help others in honor of someone who has helped you in an extremely rewarding and fulfilling way to live your life .
sometimes known as the baby lollypop , these jingles sometimes double as a teether ! ha ! your baby experiences many things orally , so don't be surprised when your baby wants to mouth new things ! try not to hinder this--unless it is something harmful . this is an important part of their learning . many new concepts are learned and those dendrites in their developing brains are firing when they experience objects in this way . (we disinfect all our instruments , so rest assured when they put them in their mouths!) it's all about discovering their world !
the character of renegade eye , will comment on other blogs . i plan to start a new blog , with a different identity . those who should know the new identity , will be informed .
leben is evil .
my mum said to me while we were watching - " but this is so unrealistic . where will it go ? how could it possibly turn into anything ? it's just a summer romance" . i guess the answer to that is , it doesn't matter , really , does it ? it happened , that's enough .
1/2 cup fire-roasted corn
i love my cats . i really do . anyone who knows me will tell you , i put them before me and before a lot of other stuff . i decline overnight invitations for fear they'll be lonely and unfed , i rush back from a day or evening out to make sure they have food and are ok , i nurse them when they are sick and cuddle them when they feel like it .
bed size : king , love it !
velvet sky wins with her beauty-twordswordswordsher name for the ddt . angelina tried to nail velvet with the knockout title , but it backfires and winter nails angelina with the title .
so watch out for the term " social justice" . the government does not need to get involved with what the church does , as it will destroy our abilityto be the church . it will destroy our ability to earn money and give it away if that is our desire . (which should be the desire of the church , and if it is not , than this may be a fault in our american churches.)
wappat : how long did the six-day war between egypt and israel last ?
me : no !
how to file a subsequent design application in china when the first foreign application is for partial design
i have been trying to figure out in the past few months how to get my vitamin tablets down a little easier . it's a real chore . scrap that - it doesn't matter what tablet i'm trying to get down , they are all a chore . i break my big vitamin tab in half and even then it's a pain to try to get the two halves down . today the good doc gave me a website to access to buy some chewables and gave me one to try . they are like a huge platelet shape , purplish and taste like a saccharine version of a vitamin c tablet . not too bad actually . i have looked at numerous chemists around where i live and not one of them seems to sell them so it looks like i have to go online and order them from america . i will do that this afternoon .
i finally finished the playroom and am hoping to get some pictures up , soon . maybe tomorrow . now that my to-do list is pretty much down to frivolous things that i kind of made up for the sake of writing something down , i should have more time to blog . and nap . and wait .
action agreed - record food intake and exercise for 5 days a week over the next fortnight .
of one hell into the worst maw of
about once a month : 13 (23%)
in addition to designing product , roben-marie shares her love
the trees were in the way so i stepped out of the yard into the wide lawn between the houses to capture some clear shots of the sky . i was only out there a few minutes when i turned around and was met by this sight .
ps- in case you missed it : we are walking in the buddy walk in balboa park on october 15th . anyone who is interested in joining us is certainly welcome . we also are looking for people to donate ! follow the link below to donate . if you are interested in walking please sign up to walk with the wordswordswordstemecula valley support groupwordswordswords .
was chief constable sims , of west mids police , part of wordswordswordsthe arm of the statewordswordswords when he praised unite against fascism and attacked the edl in the birmingham mail/post ?
the key here is the first line your eyes with a deep thin black line . then use a pink eyeliner to line on top of the black liner . then , use a same color eyeshadow , to pat on top of the pink eyeliner to intensify the colour .
jenni mitchell (gracewordswordswordss daughter) and husband mervyn hannan have re-opened the residence/shop as a fine art gallery and teaching studio .
protoss versus zerg
dreadfire portal
kazarian is in the back with christopher daniels . daniels informs us it never was what he had holding against kazarian , but rather what they have holding aj styles . they finally have the evidence , and perhaps they will show the world ?
almost 16% of graduates have applied for more than 100 jobs , without success , with one quarter not managing to even secure an interview .
somethings come easy for people , others it's hard , but if we give up we will never hear that beautiful music we all can create . mr . z never gave up and look at him now . he's playing music and sharing his love for music with the kids , but he is also teaching them something much more important . never give up your dream , no matter how far a reach it may seem . and that is a powerful message .
fair to say that no other english manager had this kind of access to another countrywordswordswordss players . you only need to look at the number of foreign stars in the league at the time . now itwordswordswordss clear that every side invests in pan-european scouting networks , spotting players at all stages of their development and in every arena .
after seetawordswordswordss trials and troubles have been established we are introduced to geeta . what a difference ! seeta is introduced in a scene where she is scrubbing the floor and her evil aunt is yelling at her . geeta is introduced by a song wordswordswords upbeat , full of life and fun , itwordswordswordss an apt description of geeta and her outlook despite her humble status .
the railway bridge , the cemetery
good friday . ..thankful for everything he did for me
tomorrow : the whole purchasing and buying process will become simplified and faster thanks to integrated applications (online , mobile and in-store) .
diving in this series , i thought that it will be serious and action packed with full military combat . i was a bit skeptical and hesitant . but for the love of lee seung gi , i just brushed that off and proceeded anyway . iwordswordswordsm so glad i did . it isnwordswordswordst as heavy after all . i enjoyed watching it and want more .
here we are , a russian aircraft carrier on maneuver with the greeks , which brings it directly into the greek-cyprus-israel alliance . its a clear message to turkey and its pro-islamic big nato members , specifically , the us/uk pro-jihadist masons .
this borderline psychotic insistence on salvage is my undoing and my strength ; while i ' miss out ' on developing my ideas with cast metal , powder coated or electroplated forms , i often come up with new ideas simply through looking for alternatives . cast metal ideas are turned by my mind into forms of leather and canvas ; ideas about crystals or diamonds are planned in materials like thrifted wine glass stems , or cut up cds .
alive eve was not in the story enough to make a complete assessment of her own acting skills , but my thoughts are that her character did not seem to fit in the 1849 world that they were supposed to live in . neither did the term " serial killer, " which was used with wild abandon for a time when the term itself would not exist until well into the next century . and the jury's still out on emily's use of her metal corset boning to file through wood being possible- was metal boning in existence in 1849 ?
i hate them because they are happier than me
people : this was probably the best movie the two lead actors (ken marshall , lysette anthony) ever did , and theywordswordswordsre both basically tv actors now . the director is some old director iwordswordswordsve never seen any movie of other than wordswordswordsbreaking awaywordswordswords as a kid . liam neeson was really the only name that rings a bell , and even that is barely .
and , i have one more to do , but i couldn't wait to share this with you !
eva and addie started out the same way as everyone else--two souls woven together in one body , taking turns controlling their movements as they learned how to walk , how to sing , how to dance . but as they grew , so did the worried whispers . why aren't they settling ? why isn't one of them fading ? the doctors ran tests , the neighbors shied away , and their parents begged for more time . finally addie was pronounced healthy and eva was declared gone . except , she wasn't . . .
a really great difference you can tell here .
the quirky love-hate duet " could you use me ? " was something that eddie quillan and arline judge actually might have handled pretty well if rko had deigned to include it in 1932 . but they didn't , and it was left to mickey and judy to bring it to the screen . filmed in punishing 112-degree heat on location on a desert road outside palm springs (with pickup shots in the relative comfort of a soundstage back in culver city) , it's a cheerful charmer in which judy manages to suggest that ginger's resistance to danny's brash advances is already beginning to melt .
fernandel harvest
we were packed and ready to go . mike packed a backpack , and i a small carry on suitcase . my mom was rather shocked at how little we took for an entire week , but hey , it's kauai ! swimsuits is all we needed ! i'm actually shocked that mike was able to put everything in a backpack . he's the female in this relationship when it comes to packing . 8 pairs of shoes , tons of clothes , etc . i'm always able to shove mine and the 2 kids into one suitcase . but he did it , and good thing . we only had a 40 min layover to switch planes so we really had no choice but to carry on .
with the coming of fall , it's whiskey festival season in southern california . i'll start back with my whiskey festival calendar soon , but i wanted to share the exciting news that readers of sku's recent eats will again be eligible to get a discount at the scotch malt whisky society's single malt and scotch whisky extravaganza .
psssst . ..i am hosting a fantastic sponsored giveaway on may 14th . ..so stay tuned !
tele prospecting benefit such as relationship on the subject of prices and additionally endorsing . tele prospecting has gone preceding marketplace demand development . a great deal more explore should replace to make sure you business demonstrated takes along with the precise tele prospecting . to make sure you boost all the e-mail , messaging and additionally information-exchange protection , created experimentations . to promote guide search engine optimization conducting studies is really an imperative . promotional human resources will have to determine just for his or her self just how have the ability most of the take are probably . subsequently after generate transformations certain times , the can realize that numerous subjection takes literally arenwordswordswordst able and also approachable . optimum skilled individual is normally promotional splitting to build a good version of patron centric endorsing messaging in which coronary heart entirely relating to the essential for the prospects . valuable takings keep just by tele prospecting .
she went from behind , helping her daughters scramble over the back of the pew to get into the open seats .
the keepers , according to the narrator , were merely fulfilling the same role as the herd would play in the wild . they were a trusted , loving circle for this mother elephant , and they took care of the steadying of the new life and the introduction of baby to mother , just as her herd members would have done on the african savannah .
our heroes are dead but justice will redeem them . i think ? especially since taniawordswordswordss clone is going to know everything about whatwordswordswordss been done (except for the secret about herself , and thatwordswordswordss okay , mostly) .
then i covered the hardboard base with the wadding and some pink gingham which is from one of the duvet covers i made for my eldest when she had a cot bed (now outgrown!) . i loved this bit ! you're probably supposed to use proper tacks but being impatient me i folded the fabric and hammered in drawing pins to keep it in place . we now have a comfy mattress ! and oh yes i discovered it was an ikea bed so quite a result there :)
wordswordswordschristians , however , if they act properly and are not wicked , do not need to obey the political authorities but should organize themselves in autonomous communities on the margin of society and government.wordswordswords
iwordswordswordsm taking bets .
no , not so much :( the texture is kinda icky !
birdiewordswordswordss wordswordswords 75th and antioch
i had extra batter so i made two other small pans of bread to use as samples at the market . the pans are really small ; i felt like i was cooking with my easy bake oven ! also , as my loaf tins were smaller , i baked them for about 20 minutes .
moves slower than a standard stout , and is darker . not as substantial as an ris , but more than the usual . smells deep and smooth , a tad grainy and roasted . not strong like an ris , just steady .
by justin mccahren
wouldn't it be a lot easier and much more streamlined if there were still a one stop shop ?
wordswords fluid ounce pineapple juice
london symphony chorus (chorus-master : joseph cullen)
disclosure : i received coupons for free gorton's product . these are my personal opinions .
be downloaded and printed from our uwellness website :
i picked up his poop twice today . *sad trombone*
sift together flour , sugar , cocoa , salt and bicarbonate of soda .
oh well- try try again . i figure that eventually she will be just as much a foodie as i but for now i will just sigh and try to laugh at the drama of her actually crying when she gets a spoonful of dreaded fruit .
wordswordswordsyou automatically jump to the f-word ? there are all kinds of names you could call him and you want to shout the f-word into . into . whatever space it is , that text messages go to ? you could call him , you know.wordswordswords
stamps : hydrangea (flourishes)
if you only see value in stem disciplines , i probably will not convince you that humanities education is valuable . there used to be a sense in this country that certain things had value and meaning in their own right , not simply because they produced nice technological gadgets or made bundles of money for businesses . even conservatives such as allan bloom used to realize that it impoverishes us spiritually when we turn away from the humanities , the cultural legacy of western society . would that their political descendants had as much grace or wisdom .
my main beef with this rant from shirley is that he uses the phrase bloggerati in a demeaning way , now i myself have used this phrase as just a name for a group of bloggers together(it's as good as any other description) . the other beef with shirley is that he's practically labelled us all as beer fashionista's who only chase ' the next beer' ! what a pile of absolute tosh ! does anyone else think that shirley is just slagging off that which he doesn't understand ?
co-habitation instead of marriage
what is a personality cult ? a personality cult , or as wikipedia likes to call it , a wordswordswordscult of personalitywordswordswords , is when an individual person creates an overwhelmingly positive idyllic perspective of him or herself , through bucketloads of praise and flattery . examples of personality cults include those happy little gophers stalin , hitler , pol pot , mao and a couple of egyptian pharoahs who werenwordswordswordst cats .
i also found out yesterday that my former colleague (who had wanted to get out of the office for a long time wordswordswords and she finally got her wish fulfilled , thatwordswordswordss why iwordswordswordsm training my other colleague) had taken three months (working in the week) before she was confident enough to be in the office alone .
i received an extra special parcel in the post recently . you see i have been on a serious yarn diet for the past month or so , which has meant far less mail of the yarn type . but in the past week i received a yarn surprise that has most certainly made up for the lack of yarn parcels . do you want to see ?
after a while i get a chuckle out of watching other people pull up and get out of their cars only to walk up and realize the store is closed . ok , i'm a bit guilty here because i could have told a few people and been polite and said " they open at 10:00 " - but i didn't . what did they think everyone was doing in their cars ?
good morning everyone hope you are well and having a nice weekend ?
grapefruit bombs were unleashed , and their presence was immediately acknowledged . but the m battalion were swift into battle as well . they loved a challenge and with their 9.3% on the percentage trials and a 98 on the tables of ratebeer , they already could smell the sweet scent of victory in the air . their caramel cannons fired great mango bombs into the st malt troops and were instantly overwhelmed by the sticky sweetness .
this took me a long time to figure out because my family is not like that . no- in my family we are serious when we say stuff like that . we are honest . and rude . the rudeness is the downside- the upside is you always know if you are supposed to bring a gift or not .
here's a bit of upbeat , minimal techno . yes i know minimal techno is not renowned for being upbeat . but hendrik weber doesn't really conform to the rules . i'm not sure if welt am draht was inspired by the fassbinder film of the same title ; not having seen the film or even knowing of it's existence until i just googled the phrase , in translation it is world on a wire by the way .
interior of the shop showing one of my tapestries and some pottery , my sister's jewelry (the indigo iris) , and landscapes by my brother-in law neal mcpartlin .
thoroughly furnished to handle any situation , for you are godwordswordswordss house (1
occasionally , the boss receives one of these things . he hates them . they always involve use of electronic aids , such horrors as email and the facsimile machine * shudder * as well as never-ending phone calls , and , worst of all , a high proportion of cancellations .
but before he is accorded the same mahatma status as gandhi , who peacefully reclaimed india from the british and a man whom mandela says was his guiding light and inspiration , it's important to examine his record as a freedom fighter . what it shows is that like so many black africans fighting the evil of apartheid or colonialism , he has a record of advocating and condoning violence .
occasionally , and very occasionally , massachusetts gets it right , in the case of scott brown that was one of those times .
- seeing is as important as doing , expanding your sensory awareness : touch , sight , smell , sound , seeing patterns , themes .
unfortunately for connor none of those meals travel very well in a lunch box . the idea of eating a cold , uncooked hotdog for lunch is pretty revolting .
(ed note : if someone can figure out what those last two sentences mean , please tell me ; i am genuinely baffled.)
the cochineal beetle is a native of peru . when one visits the highlands , all the prickly pear cacti are covered with a grayish bloom . that gray , that looks like fungus , is actually colonies of these beetles .
-dressings & band-aids more effective
nars smudgeproof eye shadow base
they were saying , wordswordswordshey , wewordswordswordsre going to kill you if you donwordswordswordst hand over your money.wordswordswords
depending on the age of your students and the amount of time you are wanting to spend on the activity you may choose to cut the piece out yourself or have your students cut them . in my case i cut out the red and yellow circles and drew the lines on the yellow circle .
2 . i used a wilton food writer pen to draw the face on a hard boiled egg . these pens are great for making fun food , and they come in different colors . if you do not want to purchase a food safe marker , dip a q-tip in food coloring to draw the face on your eggshell .
it was not long after getting on the internet that i made some
a snip from rome , rhymes and risk , tweaked to show that : it's morning ; a man or a woman (or both) is at the beach ; the main character is bored ; something stinks behind where he/she is sitting ; and something surprising happens . also involves all fives senses and includes the made-up words " synbatec, " " wastopaneer, " and " tacise . "
do you have a bed time routine ? i definitely do . itwordswordswordss a routine iwordswordswordsve carefully honed over the years , and one which i seem to be adding to as i get older and more needs to be done to look after myself . i am by no means a beauty specialist when it comes to looking after my skin (i love face wipes- there , iwordswordswordsve said it) , but keeping my skin as moist and supple and nourished as possible is important to me . especially before bed .
expeditious retreat press
i would have to say yes . no sanding , no priming , just get the brush and paint . i even painted my couch cabinet table thing-a-ma-jig in the house and it doesn't really have a smell .
i also used the 100% sweetness stamp set by my creative time for the sentiments and corner heart stamps on my card . if you would like to check out the fun stamp sets emma has available for purchase , click here .
we're in autumn .
even after the greek bailout in order to stop a default , it seems that a technical greek default is imminent . if this isnwordswordswordst a sign that bailouts donwordswordswordst work , i donwordswordswordst know what is .
now take my hockey analogy and apply it to the conflicts going on in the middle east , then apply it to the world . for years countries have taken pride in defending themselves and consistently pursue a wordswordswordswinningwordswordswords mentality . every time money stimulates economic growth , each country (team) gets a point . the entire world is facing off against each other on one sheet of ice . millions of players (military) , thousands of coaches (leaders) , and billions of spectators (me) are involved in one enclosed arena . itwordswordswordss a mess that the smartest and most influential people in the world (our wordswordswordsrefswordswordswords and wordswordswordsteam ownerswordswordswords) canwordswordswordst even resolve .
i bought him a special kong collarwordswordswords today at pet supermarket . it's an inflatable " c " shaped collar that closes with velcro . it works like a cone , but doesn't protrude so that he runs into things or can't get a drink of water while wearing it . it'll keep him from licking his tender parts , but will almost be like a little pillow when he wants to lie down . i'll take a picture of him wearing it so you can see what it looks like .
14 . for example , the way the london police treated a disabled white woman and were forced pay wordswords20,000 compensation . see wordswordswordsmet pay wordswords20,000 after arrest of disabled womanwordswordswords , the daily telegraph , 22nd march 2000 , p.3 .
serve on tostada shells with sprinkled queso fresco . serves 4 (2 tostadas each) .
i'm very grateful for hand-work !
henry b , naus m , stirling r . impact of influenza vaccination policies on staff coverage in long-term care facilities . international congress series 2001 ; 1219 : 671-675 .
i also love love this rose cake , plus it looks super simple and i am baker gives a tutorial on how to do it . i'm not a cake decorator but i think i can do this one . decisions decisions decisions sometimes it's hard especially when your doing it for friends you just want everything perfect . is anything ever perfect ? nope and really it looks better if it's not .
my name is evie preston and i hang out with dead rock stars . oh , and the occasional dead movie star or two . i know , weird , huh ? trust me , i think so , too . i've actually came home to witness janis joplin strumming her guitar and singing along with bob marley . and that is only the beginning of what happened that night ! iwordswordswordsve learned quite a bit about those who live on the other side over the past few months . for instance , they arenwordswordswordst all ghostly and transparent-like . oh no . the ones i see tend to be in full-color 3-d except for when they exert , ahwordswordswordscertain energies . then they go a bit hazy . i will get to that . and they prefer to be called spirits .
having a hard on , which he called wordswordswordsa woodiewordswordswordswordswordswords . whereupon he said
i got a paper route as a middle schooler to make some money on my own . other than some bad rains or heavy holiday ad laden sunday papers , i delivered those papers on my own with my bike . when i was old enough for a regular job i worked at a department store , a bowling alley , a tuxedo rental shop and throughout my pregnancy and my daughters first year , i worked at a medical research laboratory . before getting the job i have now , i worked for a pet sitter as well . i never took a dime in public assistance , and i managed to pay my parents rent .
window rock wordswordswords when newspaper reporter kathy helms decided to write a book about her experiences in navajoland , she knew her efforts would include uranium , water and some of the social ills prevalent in one of the only places left in the u.s . that still can be considered a third-world country .
masturbating with a magazine
answer : the athlete that has the record for most appearances on a wheaties box is michael jordan .
jonathan gottschall teaches english at washington and jefferson college and is the author the storytelling animal : how stories make us human , published by houghton mifflin harcourt . his work has been featured in the new york times magazine , scientific american , and the chronicle of higher education , among others .
for a user who clicks through and install the google chrome browser and mozilla firefox , malware by itself will lead to the installation of a facebook environment / facebook.com that appears in the top right tab the user's facebook page .
jessica would be graduating college this year , assuming she had all her credits and didn't switch majors halfway through . would she have stayed in this area or would she have found a job in chicago , new york , or halfway around the world ?
what happened to the art of conversation ?
look forward to it wordswordswords or face my wrath !
pour sauce over chicken and bake at 350 for 30 minutes .
release date : 1st march 2012
it is easier to sit back and whither in pain .
i have a very ambiguous relationship wuthering heights . it seems to turn up on a regular basis in my studies , and i find it very interesting , but just not very likeable . and those people who think it's a wonderful love story . . . *cough* . i've been to haworth a number of times , as my friend lives nearby , and you can see samplers stitched by emily , charlotte and anne in the parsonage museum . the borders to this piece are from emily's sampler , as are her initials , but the main lettering is from other sources . although she was referred to in the family as " emily jane " i've used eb because wuthering heights was published under the nom de plume ellis bell . 1847 refers to the date of publication of the novel . poor emily died the following year .
grow old ,
forget your wife , forget your father ,
jam 11march2012
this is more worrying than the poll ratings for a number of reasons . this is not least because it says that those who understand the party the most , those who believe in the values of the party , those who realise that compromise is necessary more than most are the ones who are disillusioned and that this is having a practical impact on the ground . if we are to go back to basic principles of politics we can make an assessment of where we are now . to be successful in politics we need to do the following :
sad that it isnwordswordswordst getting better . sad that he can remember the details of when i hurt him one time or another but canwordswordswordst remember the night before . sad that i feel like iwordswordswordsm failing , that therewordswordswordss a part of me inside that feels dead . sad that he hasnwordswordswordst been the only one who has thought therewordswordswordss only one way out of this . sad that i donwordswordswordst know if i believe that our situation will change . sad that hewordswordswordss spent the whole week battling with hate and contempt for me . sad that he thinks the resolution for all of this is for me to be done .
do you have a passion for writing ?

" women who are of ' fairy-like ' character especially attract such anima projections , because men can attribute almost anything to a creature who is so fascinatingly vague , and can thus proceed to weave
we have gone , apparently , from wordswords2.3 million in the black to owing something in the region wordswords600 000 . nick himself admitted publicly on the night of the leadership challenge that the party is wordswords500 000 in the red . the partywordswordswordss books , therefore , need to be looked into by a small group to see what has gone wrong and where and how this can be remedied . i would suggest no more than 4 individuals- two from within the party hierarchy who can offer explanations and two members with an accounting/investigative background , who can be relied on to be totally independent and fair . the findings need to be published .
this is the second story in a mystery series about two kids who decide to start a detective agency to solve some mysteries in their neighbourhood . it dawned on me as i was colouring this afternoon that these two young detectives are child entrepreneurs . they got the idea to do detective work all by themselves , they set up their office , and they handed out business cards to build their business . pretty entrepreneurial ! based on this sudden brainwave , i decided to explore this topic a bit further .
i'll first fly to seattle .
more than a month after the new yorker article , i finally found someone whose views i could identify with : ta-nehisi coates
anyway , i was looking at all these crafty ladies milling about the kings hall and all the while i was wondering did i know any of them from blogland . it was really starting to bug me and at one stage i really wanted to shout out at the top of my lungs " oi you lot . . . . . . . .i'm crafty loops in blogland . do any of you know me or do i know you ? " and as much as i would have loved to have done that , i would have run the risk of tara and maddy grabbing their bags (with t probably grabbing my purse in the process!) and then swiftly running off down one of the crowded aisles in an attempt to ditch me! ! so i didnt shout anything , which was me totally fighting against my nature . . . ..believe me !
the political spinning and twists are fun to follow , but wherewordswordswordss the virtue and the good for chicagoans here ? an increased heart rate and the attendant stress from a show with little balance and no relief is not worth watching .
nasa : the last shuttle lifted off yesterday and two things crossed my mind . one : dang iwordswordswordsm getting old . i remember in school when they use to wheel in the volkswagen size televisions for us to watch the lift off . two : i guess the term , wordswordswordsit isnwordswordswordst rocket science,wordswordswords is now passwordswords , they're unemployed like the rest of us .
your mercy catches me when i fall ,
she shrugged . wordswordswordshe left early this morning , but i donwordswordswordst know where to . he didnwordswordswordst leave a note.wordswordswords
justin wolfers , the assistant professor of business and public policy at the wharton school , university of pennsylvania , who conducted the survey , tried to explain the matter to one of our reporters . herewordswordswordss the transcript :
i panic under pressure .
there are other reasons . he has richie mccaw's signature right next to him for a start and he's hoping very hard that the real dc is going to sign him too before he goes up for auction on trade me next week to raise money for christchurch . keep your fingers crossed on the signature from the real dc !
i don't know anything about this play really , but , they gave a little background and i have already been singing it all weekend . it's just a lovely story and naturally , beautiful music !
the house is on acres of untouched land , by a river , on australian soil . good red earth , ywordswordswordsknow ?
i love looking at promo ads for inspiration . here are some of my other faves for the clean classic look .
and to the prestigious gold brewgie nominations ;
i was selected to be one of the official bakers for the event .
last question . april ryan .
people with fixed mindsets are like the mud puddle . they were taught by authority figures that their genes , family , education and environment have determined their destiny , and they , like the atom , just are . many of them were taught that they are not creative . consequently , they believe they are a certain kind of person and there is not much they can do to change that . they might be able change some small things but the important part of who they are canwordswordswordst be changed .
he realised that he was safe as long as the torch was focussed on the snakewordswordswordss eyes . that was his only chance . but what if the torch moved a bit ? what if his hand trembled ?
wrong turn 4 also known as wrong turn 4 : bloody beginnings (2011) is a direct-to-video horror/slasher/thriller film and the fourth film in the wrong turn film franchise .
the campus police are busy investigating the latest campus crime wave , noting the thieves have targeted machines in the the chemistry building , the human ecology building and the computer center . msu police sgt . florene mcglothian-taylor said , " thefts from feminine-hygiene dispensers have been spotty in the past . "
hearts that have been broken
of course , roxy does not take this well when denise approaches her about it and she goes to claudia joy who actually agrees with jackie . roxy finally agrees to go and get some nicer clothes which is very different from her usual style but trevor approves . now we turn to joan and charlie . at first , i saw that these two do not like each other one bit but when joan is told by general clarke that she needs to handle the complaints from the families from fort hope better , she decides to hold a town meeting .
rrwordswordswordsiwordswordswordsve been researching this stuff for about 25 years , but itwordswordswordss always been weekend trips . occasionally iwordswordswordsve been able to live down there for a while and been able to do a little bit more , but the next step is to try to get some support , some funding support . i have one lead thatwordswordswordss promising . if we can do it , wewordswordswordsd love to set up a foundation to research these phenomena in not just the big thicket but areas where this whole range of phenomena occur , the window areas .
check the store often for more cute things .
(i ship world-wide)
what type of concealer do you use ? would love some recommendations , or what products i should steer clear of .
over on vikkiwordswordswordss site , i learned that today is insecure writerwordswordswordss day . i think therewordswordswordss a support group of some kind that iwordswordswordsm not a member of , but i should be . iwordswordswordsll look into that .
i took note of the time and my reactions at various points . these are a few :
is nothing to defend
let me share an example . last night , kade invented a new game . on it's face , it seemed pretty simple and fun . he took a sheet of paper and divided it into 64 equal squares , and then numbered each square . he and i used chess pawns as our game pieces , and then took turns drawing two playing cards each from a deck , adding the numerical value of the cards together , and then moving our pieces the appropriate number of squares . as we got closer to the 64th square , we decided that we needed to land exactly on #64 to win , and that we could use only one of the cards instead the total of the two once we got close . now , an 8x8 numbered grid makes things pretty easy , if you think about it . if i needed to move eight squares , well that was just moving down one space . if i needed to move ten , that was down one and over two , because eight and two equals ten . oh , the permutations . . . we tried the game several ways , at one point starting from different ends so that one of us had to subtract and the other had to add . it was great fun .
level 30 : recovers 300 hp and 90 mp every 4 seconds .
never regret
even when we have wordswordswordsplowed wickednesswordswordswords and wordswordswordsreaped iniquitywordswordswords (10:13) , god does not stop loving us . whatever our situation today , we can turn to the lord and find forgiveness to make a new start . his love never fails !
impudent heart , pray what did possess you
i have to stop into work tomorrow and talk to them about my return from maternity leave . yep , my turn at the stay at home mom thing is over and i have to go back reality now . fun while it lasted .
13 . my mother taught me : the circle of life .
great leaders are strong , but not rude .
as investors , they also knew their limits . they would not be chasing after shares whose prices had already risen during a super bull run .
wordswordswordsgermany sir.wordswordswords
the options to increase re-cycling and reduce waste going to landfill as early as possible . implement incentive schemes that will help boost re-cycling and reduce household waste . find a better location for the waste treatment plant currently proposed at pinkham way that will allow bulk transport by canal and rail , for example the industrial estate in upper lea
i commented to my step-dad and he said she was on anti-depressant .
this follows an application from the independent police complaints commission , which says it has findings which should not be disclosed even to the coroner , but there is no doubt the metropolitan police would agree . secret justice is seldom justice .
san francisco fine art fair , fort mason - photo : mpa website
firstly , thank you for all the kind comments . we are all slowly mending . my husband's operation rescheduled for this friday . . . so no coffee for him !
canned : brewdog punk (the good ones)
mailer : coupon or coupon booklet that was sent to your home via postal mail . manufacturer or store coupons .
i apologize to mentally challenged people everywhere . to compare mentally challenged people to this person does a huge dishonor to mentally challenged people .
a part of me wasnwordswordswordst ready to let go of the pre-mommy me . i realize now that iwordswordswordsm a much better me and canwordswordswordst imagine our life without celeste , yet in those first few weeks , deep down inside , there was a part of me that didnwordswordswordst want to let go of the me from 20 wordswordswords 36 . i remember one day in particular , probably around 7 weeks after giving birth , i was home alone with celeste , my husband had gone back to work , and it was one of those days where i was going from one continous cycle of feeding , burping , changing diaperwordswordswordsfeeding , burping , changing diaper , over and over . i was exhausted and cranky and went to the restroom and saw my disheveled look , my body looked warped , every part of me was aching and healing and i started to get tears in my eyes , and then , as i glanced in the mirror again i saw out of the corner of my eye the reflection of one of our wedding pictures from the wall behind me in the hallway , and i burst into tears . and i thoughtwordswordswordswhere is that person in this new one ? i was definitely not ready to say goodbye !
the available time of course i said yes!! ! !
2 motion
there's surely no better way to describe telephones ! they're not only in millions of homes and offices but just about everywhere you go . in stores and at gas stations ! at airports , bus depots and railroad stations ! out-of-doors !
that i could call on
1 . in a bowl , mix the flour with the yeast , make a hole in the middle .
wild ! shelly manne plays odd percussion behind jack marshall's jazzy guitar , and the two of them run through an odd bunch of tracks that will stretch the dynamic range of your stereo . more " hi fi " than jazz , but with a firm jazz base -- even though there's odd bits like shoeboxes , whistling , and handclaps . cuts include " the girls of sao paulo" , " the rain in spain" , and " choros " .
1 1/2 cups old-fashioned oats
an overwhelming gift of rarest beauty ,
the statement also emphasised that wordswordswordsthe hijab or headscarf is completely different to the niqaab , or full face veil , which is also worn by muslim women.wordswordswords
my boys are in the home stretch for the school year . unfortunately , being this close to finishing does not always translate into inspiring them to work harder or faster . nicky's been ready to be through with school since february , and for the last four months , teaching him has had all the stimulation of pushing a wheelbarrow full of boulders uphill . monday i pointed out to him that he would be finished by the end of the week , but even that didn't motivate him . i've pushed and prodded until finally , this morning , he came bounding into the room , happily announcing that today he will finish with school for the summer . of course , today he stays at home with his dad so apparently he's going to be motivated for him . figures .
i napped after studio class tonight . andrew and i were up really late last night , despite going to bed at a somewhat decent time . we ended up talking to each other for about an hour and a half to two hours just about our lives and what was going on and stuff like that . it was a very nice talk , but it made me tired for today , which explains why iwordswordswordsm still awake now . but donwordswordswordst worrywordswordswordsiwordswordswordsll be getting to bed shortly , right after i shower .
and set wheels in motion
and then youwordswordswordsll see
la fin du monde .
turns out they're partnering with zazzle.com to feature their coordinating designs with zazzle postage . this means that you really can have an entire matching suite !
did you have a grand exit from your ceremony or are you planning one ?
traditionally red bull have switched their launch exhausts to their melbourne spec in the last days of testing . itwordswordswordss been mentioned by the team that there is a new exhaust system coming . this is no doubt partly the reason for the team delaying the last test and having a near private test (shared with ferrari) on the last day .
okay , iwordswordswordsm going to pause our regularly scheduled blogging for a random post . iwordswordswordsd like to talk a little bit about how to cancel a wedding . i know , strange , but go with me here . when i cancelled my wedding , i googled for advice on how to do so several times . i wanted information and guidance , but a large part of me wanted to find someone out there going through what i was going through . if nothing else , i want my blog to serve as a resource for people who have gone through rough break ups . so i hope that anyone out there needing advice on how to cancel their wedding will have a chance to find my blog through this post (and the wonders of google) .
since my recent journey to the champagne region of france , i have writing and planning a number of posts , several which you will find on my blog this upcoming week . it was a fascinating region , one that i recommend you visit , and i had the opportunity to taste plenty of delicious champagnes . this is a region with a rich and vibrant history , and which remains relevant today as well . though there is much tradition in champagne , they are not adverse to change , and there are a number of mavericks and innovators in the region . though you will find plenty of producers holding true to the traditions too .
smash the raspberries into a jelly like consistency and put in fridge .
dress up is very tame in comparison , and i can't tell if it's a pinky purple or a purpley pink .
9 . slow one
i write , and i write , and i write . and the more i write in the first person , the more uncomfortable i feel . i don't like feeling like i'm projecting my personal thoughts out onto my protagonist ; i mean , i don't want readers to think that i really have these pre-meditated thoughts that my often-twisted characters have . oh . ..but then i stop and realize , " hey , don't take it all so seriously . "
character and memory bleeds
the bbc in london has issued a statement saying it is urgently seeking explanations over the apparent doctoring of one of its news reports by the malaysian satellite broadcaster astro .
for our special giveaway post , all you have to do is show how creative you can get by answering the question - if you were will , what would you give alona dare for her birthday ? why ?
wish me luck ! i don't even know what to tell her to do with it this time except to get some of this length off . i'm not sure if i will post a picture , because i hate to be in pictures , but we'll see ;)
long , concentrated and intensely flavored , the finish is stunning and epically long , possibly the longest finish i have ever experienced wordswordswords 96/100 points .
the new saudi princes of erne and breiffne
things move slowly in panama . case in point : the air conditioner in the living room blew and my brother-in-law made arrangements to get it fixed last saturday . last saturday the repairman called and said he'd be by this morning . he hasn't arrived yet . we all have air conditioning in our bedrooms so sleeping's no problem but boy it's hot in that room during the day ! you might just as well spend your time on the balcony .
and that something would be my inspiration or mojo or whatever you want to call it - anyone found it wandering loose anywhere ?
now , if youwordswordswordsve read my blog before you know that iwordswordswordsm not exactly a huge fan of public restrooms and i was doing every mental exercise i could to trick my stomach from unloading .
as soon as i got the perfect shot i had to take everything down and get everything ready in the car for our location shots at the amf rocklin lanes .
allrecipes- one of the first online recipe resource , and still one of the best . recipes are submitted by site members , as well as companies like kraft and magazines like taste of home . there's really nothing you can't find at this site . i use allrecipes as a source for this blog all the time .
cables leak , are you listening ?
its only me and my son buying things that we think and also know by now of what they may needwordswordswordsso i shouldnt feel wordswordswordstoo badwordswordswords right ? nope . . god still pulls on me to go the extra milewordswordswords
but it is a good movie , so we didn't mind seeing it again .
many aspects from these entries remain open , like for example the smoothness of transcriptions of old nubian in the existing fonts , the integration of such texts in a web environment like the present one , the completeness of the existing lists of online textual resources , the content analysis of these etc .
the day looms before me . nine hours of scheduling that doesnwordswordswordst include the writer . nine hours of wordswordswordsthis is what i do to earn my livingwordswordswords that takes precedent over the service that brings me balance and the writing that allows for expression . i am grateful though , harried but grateful . i have good work to do today . the opportunity to make everyone i meet feel special today looms just as large as the scheduling book . i am grateful that my personal agenda gets turned inside out by a single button so i can face what a control junkie i can be , and that the simple act of sewing a button on a pair of pants can tear me away from the best of intention . itwordswordswordss all grace . itwordswordswordss all good . it all makes me laugh . we are such funny creatures ! tomorrow . set the intention again . eventually iwordswordswordsll be back in the zone .
and just like the song , a beautiful day follows a beautiful night . clear , sunny , the undisturbed snow flashing back sparkles , temperature rising into the 20s , all point to why this is the best month to be in alaska .
after i said i don't love all quilts , here's another quilt i really do love . ashley is so talented . of course she makes beautiful quilts ! she announced that she will be doing a quilt along during the month of june . ..wonder if i could still join if i have no clue what i'm doing ? ! such a pretty quilt and she made it for her sister as a gift . sweet . go check it out .
_elodie ghedin , 44 , pittsburgh , pa . parasitologist and assistant professor at university of pittsburg school of medicine who studies genetic sequencing techniques .
-various fantastic shapes .
so the early economists arrived at conclusions which strongly reinforced traditional british ideas about the value and importance of individual liberty in general . and classical liberal ideas had great influence in 19th century britain . british politics at that time could in fact be seen as competing versions of liberalism , with the more leftist version to be found in the british liberal party . note that it was a conservative leader -- peel -- who sponsored catholic emancipation and abolished the restrictive corn laws . perhaps because of disraeli's extension of the franchise , however , the old gentlemanly british liberal party was steadily eclipsed in the early 20th century by the rise to prominence of statist ideas -- particularly marxist , fabian and fascist ideas . and conservative politics came to be dominated by the need to combat , refute and compromise with the new statist ideas -- with the old liberal ideas becoming secondary . late in the 20th century , however , under the influence of writings by hayek (1944) , ayn rand (1977) and many others , the original liberal ideas were powerfully revived and extended -- when they came to be known among the cognoscenti as " neo-liberalism " or " libertarianism" . they are perhaps best known to the world at large , however , as " reaganomics " or " thatcherism " -- from their most prominent and successful political proponents .
with a mixture of defiance and fatalism , we got up , put on our armor , and delved deeper . aberdeen accepted his new role as torch bearer and walked with one hand on someonewordswordswordss shoulder .
way across the desert wasteland . the lifepod in the distance
once all the base cabinets were in , we could finally lay down a real floor on top of the plywood underlayment that had been our floor surface up to that point . we chose a vinyl composite tile (exactly like commercial floors) for its vintage look as well as its durability as we knew that during the rest of the phases of construction that the kitchen floor would have to survive a lot . the tiles (made by armstrong) had to be installed using a caustic smelling runny adhesive that came in large buckets . the adhesive had to be troweled on with a specific toothed trowel , left to sit for a couple of minutes , and then the tile could be set on it . we learned to do workable patches of adhesive instead of trying to trowel large areas . we found ourselves laughing as we repeatedly got hands and shoes stuck on the adhesive because it was just like wile e . coyote in the old warner brothers roadrunner cartoons with his wordswordswordsacme gluewordswordswords getting stuck on the railroad tracks right before a train bears down on him . we laughed as we joked about the possibility of a train barreling through our kitchen while we were stuck to the floor .
first blog entry , done .
also , apparently , petard is derived from the french word for breaking wind . so i guess , this means that my swrs is a means of exploding myself with my own fart .
google recently introduced their new template designer functionality in blogger in draft .
unknowingly , de soto would led his people into the arms of a savage confrontation . tuscaloosa told de soto and his expedition to leave in peace , or he and his allies would force him to leave .
" i'll be your mirror " velvets
well , i leave you with roseland nyc , one of the most intense concert videos iwordswordswordsve ever seen , and iwordswordswordsll see you soon !
when you look at me the world stands still . our eyes lock and itwordswordswordss as if time stands still and itwordswordswordss me and you against the world . iwordswordswordsve never felt that with anyone before you .
april 19 , 1995 wordswordswords oklahoma city bombing
also thinking about france . ..just one more day to go !
the period that jacob spent east of the sierra nevada mountains allowed him to wallow in loneliness and grief over the separation from his family . but he remained determined to find them . and it took him another four to five years before he finally did . becoming a member of john charles frwordswordsmontwordswordswordss california volunteer militia during the mexican-american war allowed jacob to scour the region for signs or news of his remaining family . five years passed before he finally came upon the ranch that jethro and thunder heart woman had settled . jacob also discovered that in the intervening years , his brother and wife had considered him dead , began a relationship and had a child wordswordswords a little girl named cornflower . devastated by this turn of events , jacob decided not to reveal himself to his family . at least not openly . instead , he left the wooden medicine wheel necklace that thunder heart woman had given him when they first met to his youngest child , jacob high cloud . another five years passed before jacob finally reconciled with his family , due to the efforts of his daughter , margaret light shines .
today , my son had a full-fledged meltdown because (and i could not make this up) my boyfriend came and helped me take out the garbage .
als long range , cs projectile wordswordswords 37/40mm
was made for several reasons .
in a statement on their website , the little soldiers have this message :
the raymond revuebar , at the time , had novelty acts performing in its entrance area and raymond effectively nicked the baron from lincoln and started having wrestling bouts in the revuebar entrance . not only that , but he got the baron to train his cheetah to join the strippers on stage and undo girlswordswordswords undergarments with its teeth .
ripleywordswordswordss believe it or not had a segment about this spy who woke up in a morgue . they thought he was dead , and his body was placed in the morguewordswordswordss freezer for several days . when they took out the body , he was alive , his eyes were open , and he was looking around , but he couldnwordswordswordst do anything because his body was frozen stiff . he was looking at the embalmer who was preparing the tools to cut him up . he wanted to scream to the embalmer wordswordswordsdonwordswordswordst cut me up , iwordswordswordsm still alive,wordswordswords but his lips were immobile . he was scared to death . he thought that was it for him . the embalmer took a sharp blade and proceeded to open him up , then stopped . the embalmer looked at the guywordswordswordss head and saw that his eyes were moving . the embalmer called for help . he didnwordswordswordst know why the embalmer stopped , but he was grateful . later he found out that the reason why he was saved was that he bled . dead people donwordswordswordst bleed when they are cut up .
i will be the first to admit that he drove me absolutely crazy as he hated people walking at a height above where he is and unfortunately that is how the walking path is situated at our house so that meant he barked quite a bit . as he got older (he was 15 years old) he was deaf and losing his eyesight . in having said that though my children adored him . they have always known as a family to have wellie and now he is gone they are struggling . so a rather sad end to the weekend .
today i'll like to show you guys , what i'm going to give my daughter for mothers day instead of a card . he is the newest addition to our family , little ronny , the picture is 5x7 . i cut the blue paper to be 10x8 . i used my cricut with a cart . i haven't used for over 8 months . even through i like a lot and i use to used a lot too , the everyday paper dolls for the polar bear . i also used nate's abcs for the kite . i used nanas nursery paper to piece the kite together . piecing with different paper is one of my favorite techniques . another one is using stickers and i used stackabilities from the paper studio .
make the proposal sexy : hire a stripper and hide the engagement ring in her cleavage . this way you can both enjoy the performance !
iwordswordswordsll let you guess . guessed ? good .
have a great sunday , enjoy your family and get crafty or hey . . . .just hang out & relax . ..do it for me ok . ..so i can visualize it this time :)
yeah , probably .
3 . take the hotdog out of your nose .
a participant from india , hussain mudavoor , was upbeat about the timing and holding of the international meet and praised king abdullah and the mwl for organizing the conference .
here was my momentwordswordswordsmy chance . i decided to just say it . just put it out there . say itwordswordswordsand brace for rejection . here it goes . okay . ready now .
iwordswordswordsll be reading new submissions , editing scripts from authors already on our list . negotiating with agents over contracts or talking to my colleagues about scheduling and progress of current projects or to the rights team about possible angles to help pitch a book to foreign publishers . iwordswordswordsll often be on the phone to an author talking about a new idea or how a book event went .
twist and shout (phil medley , bert russell)
michael mock asked : wellwordswordswords for those of us who are late to the topic , is there a good general primer for a history of islam ?
enjoy a spoken passage sample followed by the song .

wednesday night : dinner with my friends ! i can't wait !
aldridge wordswordswordsopineswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordspre-twitter , green was an anonymous journeyman lawyer , who , after starting out at the bar , re-qualified as a solicitor , and completed a series of relatively short stints at several law firms and a government legal department.wordswordswords
i'm still just trying to process everything because so much has happened .
and youwordswordswordsd need strong feelings to use the word wordswordswordseverwordswordswords to describe 150 years in earthwordswordswordss history : wordswordswordswarmest ever,wordswordswords wordswordswordsthird warmest ever,wordswordswords wordswordswordshottest ever,wordswordswords wordswordswordsfifth hottest ever,wordswordswords wordswordswordssecond warmest ever.wordswordswords taken as a whole , statements like these , which are found in articles purporting to inform the public , become incantatory , and indeed echo literal hymns sung in literal churches , worldwide : wordswordswordsforever and ever and ever wordswordswords . hallelujah , hallelujah,wordswordswords and so forth , as set forth in handelwordswordswordss messiah . people have said that global warming is its own religion , and it turns out they may be right .
his voice is calm as he responds , " so i googled it and well , it can cause anal leakage . "
write the books that you would want to read , and know that you can . don't try to write something for a market , or because you think it's the kind of book that a publisher might be looking for .
1 deflected
her skin
i would .
he clutched the rolled up photo in his right hand , grabbed the top of the bed covers with his left hand , and then yanked the covers with all his mightwordswordswords .
i look down at my shirt . the badge very clearly says " sergeant " and there are two very shiny brass sergeants stripes on my collar . i'm thinking " now here's a nobel prize winner! "
this would insure that your local area could be replanted in the future no matter what happened to global warming or other unforeseen tragedy .
added some corner buttons and that completes this card . i think it still looks masculine even with a ruffled ribbon .
do you all remember this sweet little face ? this was the very first time that we laid eyes on our son ! he was perfect ! we were probably the first people to truly rejoice over his life . we were completely overjoyed and overwhelmed with emotion . to finally hold this precious little life in our hands was a moment we will never ever forget !
i just completed this fabulous little assemblage necklace with a book inside . this kit is from retro cafe art gallery and comes with everything you need to make the necklace . here is what the kit looks like :
closet designs
in the pharmacy i made my way to condom and lube aisle . just my luck , a semi attractive woman was pacing the aisle . wordswordswordswhich would preferwordswordswords , she said without even looking at me .
i don't think you could squeeze another ounce of charm into this southern venue if you tried - can you get over how deliciously cute that little chapel is ? i am loving every single detail . . . read on for a glimpse at how the day unfolded , as told by megan . . . so many touching tidbits and even though i read about weddings every day , megan's story made me tear up just a tiny bit - it's simply beautiful . . .
hope you'll have a wonderful saurday too , hugs karin
chickens are a good place to start . they are small , require a small investment and a quick turnaround . we started with layers we ordered from a hatchery and , boy , were those city postal workers surprised when the package came through . i built a brooder out of a 4wordswords8 sheet of plywood saved after a home remodel job sitting on another sheet of plywood i got from my neighborwordswordswordss trash . yeah , we didnwordswordswordst fit in the suburbs . please notice the heat lamp hanging from a scrap strip of pine board . not the best idea but chickens seem to manage in spite of owner inexperience/foolishness/incompetence .
down here on the ground - 6.7m
which brings us up to now . full time mom , maid , chef , taxi driver , home management specialist , laundress , accountant , blogger , and craft maker .
p.s.s.s . don't answer that please . i don't wanna know .
the boss requests an employee to do some extra work over the weekend . the employee has already planned a family trip on the weekend . how does the employee communicate his concern to the boss .
washington 13 , dallas 7
6 . the marine got to come home on leave for about 2 weeks .
i don't want to say i'm at the point of giving up . i love this loved one too much to do that . but if we could only help this person see their need to give themselves a good shaking and toss off the layers and layers of apathy . to begin to enjoy life instead of burying themselves away from the world . there's so much out there . if only they could chop down a few of those trees in the forest and see the sunlight .
11 off
my list of book titles would be expansive .
dead in a field where spring flowers blow
monday i woke up and was feeling pretty good , and my computer science teacher sympathized with me because he said hewordswordswordss had a migraine before and that i could just take the test wednesday (today) . but during my last class of the day at 11 i started having problems seeing again . it was a little different though wordswordswords you know when you look at the sun and it kind of burns a big spot into your eye for a while ? it was like that when i looked at my professor , only i hadnwordswordswordst been recently looking at the sun . it didnwordswordswordst last as long as friday , but then my headache came back and it was angry . i was supposed to go get help with a computer science project that was due today but instead i went to sleep for about 3 hours . i felt better when i got up though .
physician's formula shimmer strip in vegas strip(under brows and on inner corners)
i cannot reverse the damage that was done to her in china . i cannot blame her birth mother , the malnutrition , the neglect in the orphanage , the lead and salmonella poisoning she suffered there . whatever the reasons , despite it all , kerri is here today , as healthy as possible , and bringing joy to our lives . so i will put a smile on my face even though i feel like crying , and will brush myself off and gain perspective again . and be grateful for what we do have , and all that we can still achieve .

wordswordswordsi wouldnwordswordswordst call it anything other than hewordswordswordss got to do some things . when he does , hewordswordswordsll come back , and when he doesnwordswordswordst , hewordswordswordss not going to be here.wordswordswords
narrow gauge is the premier country rock dance band in wyoming and we travel throughout the state . whether your event is in cheyenne , laramie , casper , jackson , gillette , rock springs , sheridan , riverton , green river , or anywhere in -between , narrow gauge can perform for your party . we also travel throughout colorado , new mexico , nebraska , south dakota , and texas .
step 2 : add peanut butter to butter mixture and mix well .
spacious almost empty room
engineer another holocaust !
you say you want some money from me tonight
herewordswordswordss to 2012 !
let every bad memory go
how do you balance your life as an entrepreneur with your duties as a parent or spouse ?
once you have an account with google reader , it is really easy to comment on blogs . . . not that you have to comment on mine though . . . once again , i feel i have given you a glimpse into my extremely needy , approval-seeking , self-absorbed side !
i then labeled each box with a folded piece of paper cut to fit in the front of the box . i labeled it by year . you can label it however you like , but for me . . . ..by year was the easiest .
itwordswordswordss interesting how people act when someone knows their secret . after my parents pulled my text logs i switched phone plans , wellwordswordswords i kept the same phone plan , i just moved my phone line to an independent account , no more group savings , no more family plan . oh well . the cost of privacy is worth the increase .
a former mexican state governor is under increasing scrutiny in the u.s . and mexico for alleged ties to drug cartels , a brewing scandal that could tarnish the image of mexicowordswordswordss former ruling party as it drives to regain power in this yearwordswordswordss presidential election .
i personally am not following the meal plan provided in the book (although it looks pretty delicious) but i am instead making my own dishes as i am an avid cook and love to be in the kitchen . today is day 2 of the challengewordswordswordsalready i have failed and had cream in my coffee this morning . however , i have decided not to start the challenge over , but rather make note of my indiscretion and move on to day 3 . :)
this comes as opposition groups staged a protest on sunday in moscow against putinwordswordswordss return to the kremlin .
i know iwordswordswordsm in for it when i hear this word at home . wordswordswordsyou donwordswordswordst everwordswordswordswordswordswords and wordswordswordsyou neverwordswordswords and wordswordswordsyou alwayswordswordswords wordswordswords these are statements that iwordswordswordsve gotten my beloved wife to see seldom accompany truth-telling . what they do accompany is strong feeling .
i have a blind spot .
it was thanksgiving this past weekend up here in canada . my american neighbours to the south have theirs towards the end of november , so there will be a flurry of thanksgiving posts from them in a bit more than a month . the mos and i had a turkey dinner , with all the fixings , all by ourselves . it was very scrumptious , if i do say so myself !
joy :)
i love the promise of this passage .
for your entertainment wordswordswords adam lambert
okay ladies and gentleman as most of you know i would rather be a vegetarian , but this soup was amazing . my husband picked it out since we had a whole fresh cabbage from our garden . how could i say no to his efforts . i hope you enjoy it on a wintery day like today in florida .
actually , it turned out perfectly ! a partner i had before my current ones (a 20 year old guy) , is starting gym again after quitting at the end of last year . so our coach is going to put us two back together . because he works as well as going to school , he wonwordswordswordst be able to train the full hours either , so it couldnwordswordswordst have worked out better !
driskill mountain is located behind the mount zion independent presbyterian church . a short hike takes you to the modest summit area , marked by a stone cairn and a marker containing a metal box with a sign-in register .
wordswordswordsoh , you are a clever one.wordswordswords
thank you for doing so much to educate people regarding godwordswordswordss law . i have learned a great deal from your show , and try to share that knowledge with as many people as i can .
we get it , you have good lungs . itwordswordswordss a group thing , we donwordswordswordst want to just hear you .
wordswordswordsnowordswordswords , said our nanny . wordswordswordsi saw the piggy bank after they came.wordswordswords
back to explosives . their eyes light up like from nothing else . itwordswordswordss weird . (non)jokes about lost fingers and eyebrows aside , fireworks are serious here . they turn up in high culture . at a 700-year-old mansion of the wordswordswordschieftainwordswordswords (their word) of the naxi people down here in yunan (wewordswordswordsre visiting southwestern china , beside burma wordswordswords town of lijian) , the leaderwordswordswordss palace had wooden carved windows . along with birds , dragons , flowers , there were decorative images of fireworks .
over medium heat , melt milk chocolate chips , peanut butter , and butterscotch chips in small saucepan .
the video for wordswordswordsblack girlswordswordswords is just what many man crave : some good olwordswordswords fashioned girl-on-girl action , which casts the white woman in the place of chester french (who are absent from the video) and reduces the black woman to basically a sex toy .
my entire four hours was one overarching meditation . when jamie and the kids and the dog returned , i was quite a new person . i had been growing increasingly testy over the past few weeks , but now i felt calm and recollected .
furthermore , how does an alien species communicate with these whales across the galaxy to the point they come looking for them after not receiving any word from them for three centuries ? i suppose whales not only have some sort of special way of communicated across the far reaches of space , but it makes them so much more awesome than humans , the aliens only want to talk to them .
today is world autism awareness day . with so many sites out there that explain autism spectrum disorders , i don't think there is any point in re-writing what is already done so well elsewhere . i will provide links later so you can explore on your own .
2020.e-ix/30/1970 . on the folly of american aid to the greek colonels . international herald-tribune , paris , france , september 30 , 1970 ; chicago daily news , october 6 , 1970 , p . 6 ; the guardian , london , england , october 7 , 1970 ; manchester guardian weekly , october 17 , 1970 , p . 2 .
me and ady did the doll lunch at the american girl cafe , it was fun and cute and ad was in heaven .
us : please mail checks in name of : kathalijn sprenger , 405 eastview drive , bedford , in 47421 . please write wordswordswordsholiday fundwordswordswords in the memo .

if you really knew me you would know i am the person i am because of the choices iwordswordswordsve made and because of people in my life . not because of the way i look .
tsuruko : what do you think of it ? should we chip in , too ?
wordswords 75 new express trains to be introduced .
now in the midst of an alleged wordswordswordspeace dealwordswordswords being brokered by the unwordswordswordss kofi annan wordswordswords a deal that is admittedly designed to buy time for rebels to regroup , rearm , and redeploy according to us corporate-financier policy think-tank the brookings institution , the rebels have openly rejected the plan and demonstratively continue on with a campaign of terroristic violence .
this bloom day finds me pulling weeds and counting blessings . i am doing one because we have had semi-regular rains , and i am doing the other because we have had semi-regular rains . though we have had our share of hot weather which is normal , we have lately been plagued by smoke from the fire in the dismal swamp . lightening struck last week and set the peat on fire , and now the area burning (or burned) is over 6000 acres . when the wind comes from the south , a choking , acrid fog envelops the city . but all and all , compared with the weather other parts of the country are having where no rain has fallen , temperatures have been over 100 for weeks on end , and the landscape is dying - i feel blessed .
the act of embroidering is slow and as each stitch is deliberately placed it inspires thoughtfulness . this process brings out attention to detail and creates unique movements in the work . embroidery combined with the use of reclaimed material and the elements of colour , texture , and pattern allows me to design and construct these moments in a way that is different from any other medium.wordswordswords (bec groves)
he is awesome . i love him . i have never met someone so loving and giving that could be so cynical at the same time .
i have previously written about curb appeal being essential in attracting a potential buyer as the outside of a house reflects what is on the inside . a poor outside appearance sends a negative message about the interior condition and is a sign of poor maintenance and hidden problems . for all you buyers out there wordswordswords do take note of everything you see . it is easy to be captivated by a homewordswordswordss decor and wonderful staging but do not let this distract you from the fundamental details .
3nos dry red chillies
i really love coffee table books , especially design books . many times this is what i turn to for inspiration for a design project (and my coveted collection of magazines , but that's another story!) when i was in atlanta at market , i made sure to sit in on a couple of talks and book signings . one was with brooke and steve gianetti from velvet and linen . they just published a book called patina style , the photos are amazing . and steve takes most of the photos himself . this dynamic duo was just a treat to listen too . ..and i of course got my book signed .
when we were small , a little boy fell of the monkey bars , robyn was right beside him when he fell . the teachers asked if anyone saw what happened , but no one did , even though we were right there . all we knew was that the kid had been sitting cosily on the monkey bars talking to robyn . he also happened to be the guy i liked . so i was jealous enough to imply that i might have seen robyn do something .
2108.***e-iv/21/2002 . on race-related issues and a crippling political correctness . (incorporated in item b-14 (projected) , above , letter c-29.)
dandelions have a special place in my heart . ..and seem to think they can homestead all over my lawn .
but , there is something more seriously wrong : how could a new president riding in on a wave of unprecedented promise and goodwill have forfeited his tenure and become a lame duck in six months ? his poll ratings are in free fall . in generic balloting , the republicans have now seized a five point advantage . this truly is unbelievable . what's going on ?
it may be exaggerating to say my life changed forever that day but in a way it did . that first episode had me addicted right away . i had never seen any other show like it . everything about it was different : the real-time concept , the race against time , the boxes , the edge-of-your-seat tension , the music , the wonderful writing and acting and of course jack bauer himself , kiefer sutherland who was the core and heart and soul of 24 .
12 . from copies of bank documents received by neil keenan , within the green hilton memorial agreement , the funds the amounts of gold and platinum are specified . these amounts of gold are certificated and the certificates and ledger copies with full and exact identification and recognition codes are available . these certificates are further proven by the bank reports , copies of which are now held by neil keenan . the truth of these instruments can be vigorously defended through documentation in our hands and further through interrogation of the black screens where the off ledger collateral is held , together with an interrogation of the grey and blue screens where we will find enormous fraud from the illegal use of these assets .
sometimes it is hard to tell my friends all my problems , they are single and donwordswordswordst really understand the burden , no not burden , the responsibility and having a dream for a family .
the next morning , i went to 7 eleven to see the mainstream media headlines : wordswordswords bersih is violentwordswordswords wordswordswordsbersih kotor dan ganaswordswordswords and so on . well , i was at ground zero from 7am in the morning . if we wanted to be violent , we had ample time to do so-but it did not happen( only at the end) .
twice a month , i assist in activities at my church for girls aged 8-11 . this week , we're reinforcing manners and etiquette by serving a " fancy " dinner .
how is it possible that my sweet little baby boy is one ? wasn't he just born ? didn't i just labor for hours upon hours upon hours ? i remember the day perfectly . check it out if you want to share in the memory of jonah's birth (link) .
a year after graduation , i am left trying to re-learn what proper eating habits are . the knowledge is in there somewhere ! my momma taught me right !
flies from a greasy pole
two days later , i was called in to play the cello . not play . pretend to play . the tv show was casting a string quartet , but they specified that the musicians would not be expected to actually perform . if it were not for that specification , i would not have put myself up for the job . although i studied the cello for eight years , that was when i was a kid . i havenwordswordswordst held a cello since i was a junior in high school .
240 west 35th street , suite 500
okay , so i do not have much control over this .
what i tend to look for is something with a paranormal slant to it , paranormal romance , fantasy , urban fantasy and occasionally a dystopian or something historical for a change . i love to escape from reality when iwordswordswordsm reading , to explore new worlds and forget about real life for a bit .
stress and strife ;
sometimes i think humans enjoy trying to outdo each other intellectually in public to prove how far wewordswordswordsve evolved from that dim witted creature who crawled out of primordial ooze . if we cut each other down in private where no one can see how awesome we are , whatwordswordswordss the point really ?
. . . the district court and this court did consider the precise question at issue on reexamination : whether deutsch satisfies the " flowing " limitation of the asserted claims and , thus , anticipates them . and both courts upheld the validity of the wordswordswords484 patent in light of deutsch . nevertheless , the statutory language , legislative history , and different purposes underlying reexamination and federal court proceedings suggest that the determination of a substantial new question is unaffected by these court decisions .
something else meanwhile , had also been nagging the young moon !
i would love to hear which ones you like best and why !
after reading all 7 books i really wanted to reread all of them , but it took me almost 5 months read all of them and there are so many other books that i want to read as well . so i have downloaded the audio version of all 7 books and have started to listen to them ! listening to this story sure makes laundry , ironing and doing dishes more fun! ! well maybe not fun , but certainly bearable! ! i am almost done with the 1st book and i have been listening in the scrapbook room as well . i have said it before , but i will say it again-i highly recommend these books , some of the best writing you will ever come across .
make me as rich as humanly possible .
every day she came and watered and hoed ,
wordswordswords the disciples came to him and asked , wordswordswordswhy do you speak to the people in parables ? wordswordswords
farewell bitter and welcome happy .
you can see her rug
but what i believe most , is that the world needs more bill gardiners .
however , it's important to remember that no brain activity was recorded in this study , and that several leaps have to be made to arrive at this conclusion . that said , it does fit nicely with recent studies looking at brain connectivity in autism .
on the one hand , i understand the disdain for emotional manipulation . no one wants to feel that their emotions have been played . but then , isnwordswordswordst that what writing is supposed to do ? play with your emotions ? draw you in ? make you wordswordswordsfeelwordswordswords ? if you feel when you otherwise wouldnwordswordswordst have felt wordswordswords isnwordswordswordst that the point ?
4 . freedom poem (xhol/james rhodes)

meri went back to take some towels in and came back stunned . " mom! ! did we always have a sink in there ? "
" mummy " cut at 5.5 inches with the layer 1 function selected .
replenishment of that food supply depends on a continuous flow of trucks from food processing centers to food distribution centers to warehouses and to grocery stores and restaurants . if urban food supply flow is substantially interrupted for an extended period of time , hunger and mass evacuation , even starvation and anarchy , could result .

sheik yousuf al-qaradhawi eulogizes saddam hussein in friday sermon on qatar tv
excellent digital radio broadcast .
these spicy little cupcakes are delicious and perfect for the holidays . in a rush ? cheat by using store bought whipped chocolate frosting . i won't tell .
despite the devoted obstruction of the collinsville pd , huff -- who owns a small , independent film production company called t-minus entertainment-- obtained the dashcam video of the episode . he used it to produce " breakfast in collinsville, " a brief and thoroughly infuriating documentary of reichertwordswordswordss attempted
il mio primo sal punto croce portato a termine : bello e colorato . non ho ancora deciso come utilizzarlo .
suzy peters ' biography of her uncle jack is reprinted below . ..and we thank her for sharing , and offer our condolences to her and her family . . .
right now , the guardians of the hidden scepter page has 153 " likes "
now at the age of forty one , with my boys grown up , i too have decided to follow my passion to write , to explore the possibilities that lie ahead of me . i am now truly proud to be my motherwordswordswordss daughter in every sense of the word .
another norvell page-penned spider pulp packed with gat-blasting mayhem . a demented senator is the pawn of a sinister puppetmaster who soon (in an obvious metaphor for hitler) has criminal stormtroopers filling the streets of washington d . c . , burning alive their opposition and surrounding the white house , wanting to lynch the president . against impossible odds and already wounded , the spider takes on this menace to national security ! unbelievable , but it moves .
immediate tasks for revolutionary workers in the ows movement !
every day i am there i learn something new about someone and i watch over them like a mother watching every one of her kids to make sure they are okay . hours and moments can change drastically when looking after special needs animals .
ahhh i am done ! graduating from byu this weekend was absolutely great . i am so ready to start putting all of that time and learning to good use . thank you for all of your kind words of congratulations this past week , each lovely comment brought a smile to my face:)
hey you guys ,
hope you will have fun trying . here's the video .
nd - no . newcowordswordswordss different . what we are talking about is you go into administration , get your 10-point penalty , sporting penaltywordswordswords
in the next segment , we will look at the importance of naval intelligence during the us civil war .
more than 60 million statutes , codes , rules and regulations wordswordswords
hello friends ! yesterday was so much fun ! it seems so rare that i get to get~together with the girls . it sure is a treat when i do though ! time spent with friends is priceless . . . don't ya think ?
what it seems like from here where i sit , as someone who wasn't born here and so has always been an outsider , is that midland has become even more of what it always has been but also never less like how it sees itself , all at the same time . it's still rich , as it's always been . and it's perhaps even more smugly , self-righteously conservative than ever , filled with religious zealots and tea party supporters and gun-rights ' advocates , all united in their terror and hatred of obama and feeling of disorientation that they live in a country that elected him to office .
complex and curious , this isn't a beer to gulp , it's one to savor and discover . try it !
thursday night opening 6pm-10pm , then daily 9am wordswordswords 6pm .
as i went on the hunt to find the too faced recently launched spring collection , i came up zero . ugh . i really love to see things in person if i can , so i was pretty sad . suddenly , i noticed on the too faced display that they had put out a tester of the newish matte eye shadow collection and one palette left to actually purchase . hmmmm . . . i'm iffy with my mattes . it's hard to find ones that are smooth enough that they don't apply super patchy . upon swatching in store , i was impressed (and obviously others were too since there was only the one left to buy) , so i took the new matte eye shadow collection home to play with .
creativity : the generation of novel and useful ideas . by identifying the key blocks to creativity , it is possible to develop strategies to overcome them , and then to release the creative potential of every member of staff . you will leave the workshop with an understanding of the role of creativity within a business environment and have an understanding of practical steps for its implementation .
thatwordswordswordss grace .
house majority leader john boehner (r-ohio) chastised catholic bishops at a wednesday news conference on capitol hill , saying they needed to look at the bigger picture after they complained that the gop budget plan fails to meet wordswordswordsmoral criteria.wordswordswords
photos of what i've successfully contributed my ideas(and execution) into :
my point is that wewordswordswordsve known for at least 25 years that we had a problem . itwordswordswordss not exactly true that wewordswordswordsve done nothing . wewordswordswordsve invented individual retirement accounts (iras) and 401k plans . but at the same time , wewordswordswordsve left the charade that is social security go unreformed .
a wet-food only diet should also help with the utiwordswordswordss , or whateverwordswordswordss going on in my system , as there will be more liquid flowing through me , flushing out the ickle stuff that sticks .
04 automaton - astral altar dub (6:36)
the message thatwordswordswordss sent you
in february 1848 , monarchy was overthrown in france and the country was proclaimed a republic . power passed into the hands of the bourgeoisie . they deceived the working class , the main force of the revolution , by taking the most influential workerswordswordswords leader louis blanc into the provisional government . in may they consolidated their power , abandoned louis blanc and other popular leaders and went on an offensive against the proletariat . the latter responded with the june uprising which was ruthlessly crushed . on december 10 the same year elections to the presidency of the republic took place . louis napoleon bonaparte , nephew of napoleon i the emperor wordswordswords an obscure hedonist engaged in the pursuit of thrills and melodrama and leading the life of a princely vagabond , became a candidate . to the utter surprise of all , he won on the support extended by the impoverished small-holding peasantry who believed that a man named napoleon would bring all the past glory back to them . in december 1851 , he staged a coup and seized absolute power . a year later he formally abolished the republic and declared himself emperor of the second empire , napoleon iii .

that's a good question . i think we're doing pretty well , with blogs like these discussing the books , and organisations like sisters in crime who work so hard to bring readers and writers together and let the wider reading public know what's happening in the crime fiction world . i guess every author would like more exposure for their own books but there is only so much media space out there , and so many books are being published . i think writing a good book that grows its own good word of mouth is what matters - and the writing part is certainly the only bit of it authors can control .
thatwordswordswordsll warm you on a winterwordswordswordss day .
3) defying structure to mine the circumstantial (continue a great conversation and be late to the opening remarks if thatwordswordswordss what makes sense) .
vera xo
artwork : the artwork in the bedroom is by elliotte puckette and grace slick . the wordswordswordsunderpantswordswordswords print in the bathroom is by hugo guiness . there are a number of works from friends , family and teachers . fitzhugh made the white sculpture above the fireplace . we make frames for maps and objects that we find as well .
next time you find yourself at the contemporary resort in walt disney world be sure to check out this amazing restaurant !
i want financial freedom .
in keeping with our changing values we decided not to replace those two modes of transport . last sunday , however , hubby and i were left at home without a car because two offspring needed them more than us . this wouldnwordswordswordst have been a problem except daughter went to purchase a new laptop and realised that she didnwordswordswordst quite have enough in her account to pay for it . i (mobile bank) was called to come to her urgent rescue . wordswordswordsbut i have no carwordswordswords was my exasperated response . a few texts later the problem was solved .
* educate clubs & teachers how to use wordpress . have one centralized campus group which can set up websites quickly and easily so individual departments and professors donwordswordswordst have to seek them out or drop $2000 on web design .
i love finding old unif tees at the bottom of my dresser . one day i'm going to do a post on vintage unif tees and then you will see how weird we are . ..or really how weird eric is
the jury at the high court found that mr sheridan had lied about certain specific matters in his earlier evidence . it was not simply that he answered wordswordswordsnowordswordswords when he should have said wordswordswordsyeswordswordswords but instead that an alternate reality was created by him and put before the court , successfully as it turned out . i suspect that if he had lost his original claim for damages , no prosecution for perjury would have taken place .
russia is a very old nation , dating back at least 1000 years . by a.d . 988 its princes ruled over the territory of todaywordswordswordss european russia , ukraine , and belarus . over the centuries russia continued to expand its territory and gradually became a world power . the strongest male rulers were called czars , and the female rulers were known as czarinas . these titles were similar to those of king and queen in other countries .
some of the b vitamins have unique functions within the body that allow a particular deficiency to be readily identified . often , however , they work in concert so symptoms due to various inadequate components may overlap .
home safe and dry we grabbed some drinks and headed upstairs where it was warm , set about concentrating on the daughterwordswordswordss homework for the half term , pictures chose , printed out , cut out , we were almost done , the sticking can be done tomorrow , by this time daddy was home , daughter spends time with daddy whilst i catch up on blogging .
last october , they did a test of the towerwordswordswordss lighting , so we had a preview of what the tokyo sky tree will look like when itwordswordswordss illuminated every evening .
you better you bet
apparently , the deal has been struck between paypal and royal mail to offer this service but , according to our subpostmaster satnam singh , the local post offices have been completely cut out of the action .
crazy talk .
check here for further updates on lge 2012 and for fashion news .
i want to point out that it was a ladylike snort . because i am a . . . oh , never mind .
winter : satire . anti-utopias , inverted worlds , the embrace of the tundra : the embrace of wintry thoughts .
i love not being sick . one of life's simple pleasure's . felt so good today i went on a walk with the kids . feeche and cub jogged and every 40 yards or so feeche had cub do sit ups , challenge push-ups (3:1) , jumping jacks etc . the folks going home on our road had a good laugh at our expense . we are always happy to provide amusement for others . it's what we do .
so i just have to clench my teeth + shake instead .
squeeze those hops for all theywordswordswordsre worth and prepare to pucker up : nugget nectar ale , will take hopheads to nirvana with a heady collection of nugget , warrior and tomahawk hops . starting with the same base ingredients of our flagship hopback amber ale , nugget nectar intensifies the malt and hop flavors to create an explosive
publisher : realms (february 7 , 2012)
my most sincerest apologies for not posting since . . . .*gulp* . . . ..june of 2010 . i'd make a lot of excuses , but it just boils down to not wanting to write what was in my head . being lazy . being busy . the usual .
am i ashamed of some of the things i've said ? heck no . far from it in fact . all of the posts here have been a part of who i am . sometimes serious , often times wacky , and all points in between . i just think i'm ready to tone it down a notch .
itwordswordswordss safe to say iwordswordswordsm a planner , not a pantser
*a plethora of options can be liberating , but it can also be paralyzing . thatwordswordswordss why itwordswordswordss impossible to find anything to watch on tv even though wewordswordswordsve got something like 2,000 channels at this point . itwordswordswordss why a song you like randomly played on a radio station or in a grocery store seems super cool , even though you have that same song on your phone and could listen to it whenever you want to , but never do . like keanu said , the problem is choice , and thatwordswordswordss been the by-product of the lebron/dwade union .
may 5 wordswordswords congress theater (chicago , il) #
featuring several members of the original 1978 cast , the big-budget musical finally gave the album the bombast and special effects it deserved , up to and including a holographic projection of the head of since-deceased richard burton speaking his lines courtesy of a cgi mouth and lower jaw . no , i'm not kidding .
the key problem is the early years of development when in financing terms investment on sewers roads etc . are heavy and returns from rents are lowest . one potential mechanism would be for infrastructure providers to use their balance sheets , to fund the infrastructure themselves in return for a long term rent on that infrastructure . so for example you could set up a company to build the roads , which would obtain equity funding , and then it would receive rents over say twenty years which would be added to ground rents . this could be very attractive to the likes of pension funds looking for long term low risk returns . to ensure infrastructure work is coordinated and project planned together any development corporation might set up an wordswordswordsinfracowordswordswords similar to that used for the olympics . this could be done in partnership with one of englandwordswordswordss world leading engineering companies sharing the same offices as the development cooperation . being able to access specialist skills and integrate them is critical and these companies are doing this every day on projects around the world . it makes more sense to bring on board a partner rather than trying to set up these skills from scratch , so a long term framework agreement would make sense with the development corporation directly appointing a chief engineer to oversee the contract and sign off all work .
while it is good to biblically submit to godly authorities , bevere confuses it and delivers a burden-binding wordswordswordsgospelwordswordswords message . while his book seems to promote a lot of truth , there are concerns that should be bought to light on his false gospel of salvation-by-submission .
wordswordswordstooooommy , cooome baaack!wordswordswords
donwordswordswordst put hot food inside your fridge or freezer ; allow it to cool down naturally first . less cooling work your fridge-freezer has to do , the less energy it will use .
i find myself in a bewilderment .
11 p.m . : ortm (malian television) is back on the air , but only playing archive recordings of malian traditional musicians . if they start playing martial music , or for that matter anything by banzoumana sissoko , wewordswordswordsll know something major is underway . soon a title appears : wordswordswordsin a moment , a declaration by the soldiers.wordswordswords
because of their slow metabolism , large dragons can survive on as little as 12 meals a year . well , at least thatwordswordswordss something .
i love this drawing although it is so sketchy wordswordswords part of another unfinished sketch is on it wordswordswords and some of the limbs donwordswordswordst quite make sense(!) the dear other half doesnwordswordswordst like it at all . and that has given me a bit of a complex about in addition to the fact that while iwordswordswordsm trying to write this , hewordswordswordss telling me awful , awful wordswordswordsjokeswordswordswords . can i tell you how awful ? no , i cannot ; words defy me . is that the right word ? anyway , i took this sketch to college with me last friday and they loved it too . i felt a little redeemed . but in any case , i still love this drawing . which is why , a week after it was done , iwordswordswordsm posting it . so there !
only this is not a fairy tale
well you know this manuscript sat in a drawer for nearly 20 years . it was originally typed on a word processor . publishers would tell me there was no market for the story . agents would tell me the same thing , would advise me to read the best sellers list and write what others were writing . i never stopped believing that eventually this story would be told .
granted , i work from home while he's out " busting his butt, " so the least i can do is his laundry , right ? well , i don't mind doing it - really i don't . laundry is a small task in my eyes . after all , i don't literally wash anything - the washing machine does .
love you forever ,
the owl outside was meant to scare squirrels and it did for a while but now they just ignore it . this owl is all over southern california . oh , and my cats freaked when i first brought it home !
my particular balls to keep in the air are : my legal job , the children , the housework and my book writing .
store to pick up her prize for her . yes , we really
the young queer child is given the scruples to see through the romanticism and into the unfortunate realities of race and sexuality . what is especially rewarding in this poem is that the gay narrator admits his own helplessness in the matterwordswordswordshewordswordswordss as lost as helping his brotherwordswordswordss son as his brother was with him . the nephew wordswordswordssearches/my eyes for answers .
desire in thine eyeswordswordswordsoh , please .
terrified , kira doesn't know what to do until simon , a good-looking senior with a slightly dangerous reputation , reveals that he and kira are both mindjackers , rare people who can control thoughts . he teaches her how to use her ability to fool everyone into thinking she's a normal mind-reader , and warns her that no one can ever find out what she really is . tormented by the lies , kira pushes her family and raf away , spending time with simon instead . after all , simon is the only person who really understands her .
hare rama hare rame , rama rama hare hare
project assistant , lemelson center , education and public programs office , national museum of american history , smithsonian institution
later , as we drove home , she told me that minnie had once told her that several months before he died , henk , fearing a heavy rain storm would destroy his last roses of the season , had gone outside to cut them . " minnie told me she followed him out into the rain and held an umbrella over his head while he did this . "
mix the chopped chicken with food colour,salt to taste,yoghurt,chilli powder,ginger and garlic pastes and corn flour . . .
1/4 minced garlic
sometime later . . . wired for electricity , heat lamp , the brooder box , four (4) one-week old chicks , and if you buy this floor model , we'll deliver and set it up right after the show . pete looked at me and said , " let's do it" . my sides are splitting .
when iain told me that the group would be walking up the terrible torrence hill , i just shrugged and agreed . last year , that hill was a total shock . i thought the run would just be out and back columbia parkway . imagine my surprise when , with the city skyline looming ahead , we took a right , up an incredibly steep hill , only to turn around and run right back down it again . i remember feeling like i might collapse on the way down the hill . my legs had totally turned to jelly . this year , after a fast walk up the hill , i felt great on the downhill and was able to use it to my advantage instead of feeling like i might fall on my face .
it's my turn here at crafty cardmakers to come up with a challenge , and they say to take inspiration from something you love , and i love food ! i am surrounded by lots of inspiration in my evening job , and one night , whilst folding boxes i came up with an idea that one of the boxes we use to serve up combos with would be perfect for a makeover . i painted it with white acrylic paint , then waited for it to dry before overspraying with adirondack color wash , then when that was dried , stamped over it with a variety of swooshy stamps using stazon ink . it has two holes for dips which are perfect to put tealights in (the battery operated kind unless you want to set fire to your box lol) and lined with shredded tissue paper , it is perfect as a little gift box . i have placed a tealight garden hanger in it , but with a little modification and maybe the addition of a mirror to the lid , it could be used for keeping make-up or jewellery in . or anything at all which you want to give as a gift !
cast on 8 stitches with the backwards loop cast on technique or the regular way .
wordswordswordsthe difference between violence and non-violence resides in the heart.wordswordswords
a call to a walgreen's in houston confirmed that i hadn't left my wallet on their counter which meant it was probably sitting in my apartment . " no worries ! everything will work out fine! " he fervently said out loud to no one .
trade union federation cosatu , which said it would organise the " mother of all marches " against the e-tolls on monday , yesterday postponed the march for two weeks until after a meeting with anc leaders .
and as a result this bad boy (at the moment) has knocked punk ipa off the the proper beer throne as my favorite brewdog brew ! after i'd finished this tester i started searching around the net for case of the stuff !
goo : darwinwordswordswordss disciples figured it out becausewordswordswords . since the universe is expanding it follows that once it was a tiny insignificant dot in the middle of nowhere . (goo is extremely nervous . he begins to chew his fingernails)
what do unschoolers do ?
he was terribly lucky , of course . the television adaptation is brilliant . it's better than the book . he was allowed to put bits in . he was allowed to do the ending , for example , which wasn't in the book . it is absolutely super , and i still look at it and admire it . i think his later books . . . are not so good . however , nice chap , and len deighton's a super chap , too . what stopped me reviewing was meeting everybody , meeting people wordswordswords not these two , but others wordswordswords who i thought were delightful but i didn't like their books much !
breathless press and one other party offered on my manuscript . two out of forty something wasnwordswordswordst bad for a first try ! i thank my editor jackie moore for seeing potential in my first draft and working with me to make my piece the best it can be . crimson & steel was released on october 14th . it is my first published work of any kind . set in the noricum province of ancient rome , it follows the lives of two girls . one is a trained pleasure slave from the eastern desert , the other a nawordswordsve germanic servant . a second part entitled scarlet sands will be released on a date yet to be determined .
there you go . three poems of the top of my head , following classical haiku form , and vaguely connected . not great , but not bad . a little bit colourful , a bit themed around the meaning of a life , but kind of short and to me , therefore a little vague . what do you think ?
cook time:10 minutes
should have updated ages ago . after this weekendwordswordswordss outburst of posting iwordswordswordsve been kind of exhausted from writing and thinking . not to mention feeling . i feel better now . have cleared most of the issues bothering me lately . decided that there is very little i can do about anything so i will let it all be and get on with my life .
so i was talking to my dear father about custard creams . you know , those biscuits ? the ones that taste neither like custard or cream ? yeah , we discussed those .
" i do ceremonies for black couples right here in my house . my main concern is for the children . "
likewise , when the writer writes , s/he knows . likewise , when the reader reads , s/he knows . somewhere , somehow the dotswordswordswordsconnect!wordswordswords
apparently , i'm far behind the times with my little google follower icon up there .
i donwordswordswordst need to be that thin , or that toned , or that strong .
bow : bg000 , b00
it was a quiet day for me today , no big emotional storm wordswordswords the storm came last month . i can see why there would be a grief upsurge at twelve months wordswordswords that is a major anniversary and a big step . but at eighteen months ? canwordswordswordst figure that one out . but , as i have learned , grief has no logic . it comes and goes as it pleases . most times i do well by keeping busy and focusing on the moment , other times i am overwhelmed . . . again . . . by the realization that he is dead .
like an evil blind hags
all things end .
4/26 wordswordswords bloomsburg , pa wordswordswords bloomsburg college
then comes the singer of epics . like the dancers , the singers tell the stories of the gods in song , in front of the phad , a kind of scroll with illustrations of what the songs are about , which is also a form of portable temple . the songs are learnt and passed on by oral tradition , and dalrymple makes some interesting points about the differences between oral and written cultures , and the effects of modern technology on the tradition wordswordswords will people bother to learn the songs when you can get them all on dvd ? he also notes how this has been lost in the west , where epics like homerwordswordswordss iliad have long been passed on in written form , and the oral performance has been completely lost .
i'm enjoying the near-perfect weather we've been enjoying lately in the bay area . i made the mistake the other day , though , of saying that all i wanted to do was spend the afternoon sitting in the sun . i was at the dermatologist's . whoopsie . i wear sunscreen and a hat , but apparently that didn't matter to the ladies in there who looked at me like i'd announced my plan to shave my head or something equivalently unthinkable .
each book tells the story of a fascinating canadian or an event that has happened somewhere in canada , from the earliest days up to the present . taken as a whole , the series presents a portrait of the entire country , raising issues wordswordswords such as regional differences , historical precedent , and cultural uniqueness wordswordswords that contribute to the wider definition of canadian identity .
i also got some awesome fabric today . no , i didn't buy this . i did buy some but i will post about that tomorrow . someone , i won't say who , thought of me while they were on a recent trip . she brought me 4 pieces of robert kaufman fabric that is just to die for!! ! excuse the wrinkles !
here are some close-ups , where you can also see the journalling better .
mara wilson (mrs . doubtfire)
it'll be the front door at the back of our wheeled home when we've removed the tailgate .
cwordswordswordsmon , guys . i call on all of you to knock it off .
now i got some w7 polishes , but i haven't tried them yet , so i can't say anything about them right now , i only know that they have such amazing shades that it is impossible to resist them .
i think i'm going back to counting my calories this week . i want to be back in the 179 area again . ..or lower !
wordswordswordsyou cannot escape me!wordswordswords he roared . wordswordswordslead me into a trap and iwordswordswordsll pile the heads of your kinsmen at your feet ! hide from me and iwordswordswordsll tear apart the mountains to find you ! iwordswordswordsll follow you to hell!wordswordswords
lately , i've been on the search for some tasty , healthy recipes and i've had quite a few successes too ! !
i have been making grand plans for next week as i am off school/work for spring break . in a perfect world i would accomplish the following :

thanks to everyone who played our gate-fold rebel challenge ! the ways you interpreted the format were wonderful !
33 and while he yet talked with them , behold , the messenger came down unto him : and he said , behold , this evil is of the lord ; what should i wait for the lord any longer ?
over the next week or so , borrows trickled in , a few a day , and by december 19th seven had been borrowed a grand total of 14 times . while i didn't know how many borrows other people's books were receiving (one of the real oddities of the kdp select program is the whole " i make less if others move more books " thing) i suspected it was more than 14 .
keep in mind that i like mine on the chunkier side . after the water was added and almonds ground down i ended up with 6-7 ounces of amazing cab . i almost blurted out expletives when i tasted it . itwordswordswordss amazing on a banana and i canwordswordswordst wait to mix a little in with my oatmeal . i have a feeling that this will be a constant in my fridge !
main ingredient :
ok , that's the crime bit----
according to an insider , moe sends its officials to the major cities of china annually to recruit bright college students with good academic results to study in singapore . not only is their education entirely free and paid for by a mixture of government grants and sponsorship from the private sector , they are also entitled to a generous living and housing allowance .
the secret life of walter mitty
itwordswordswordss the hap-happiest season of all .

add in melted chocolate .
: : i spent many a weekend mornings on ladders painting while everyone else was sleeping ;) this is the new master bath where an old clawfoot tub that we found in our barn will be refinished and sit . . . .i can't wait to sit in that tub and soak , one day !
mission of burma - vs . - 1982
samantha hughes . ..jocelin donahue
i did some readings on the articles over the internet and few books such as the ' kerjaya sebagai doktor perubatan ' by dr azreen adnan , ' budaya kerja cemerlang ' by an important figure but cant remember who is it , & of course the more famous one , ' denyut kasih medik ' by dr farhan hadi . hihi :)
the paper urges governments to :
victoria governor alex chernov hosted a dinner attended by government and industry leaders . present were victorian minister for technology and minister responsible for aviation gordon rich-phillips , and head of linfox logistics group lindsay fox .
a copy of the plaintiffswordswordswords letter dated march 1 , 1990 is hereto attached as annex wordswordswordsbwordswordswords .
right , i'm off to finish an exciting project (for me) that i can't tell you anything more about until easter monday !
school breaks are great to catch up on movies with the kids .
for many years we've shared our lives ,
smile (words by turner and parsons)
after long and drawn out negotiations with the kim ayres - the bearded scotsman , who i donwordswordswordst think actually is scottish , i have agreed not to post comments on his site in return for him creating a button that you can place on your own site , much like the maroon awards he created for dr m .
that brings us to the second problem wordswordswords problem of bad science . the lack of proper scientific method among scholars of social sciences is present , thus they often express their own subjective views based on their cultural and religious background , instead of objective evaluation of evidence . wishing to improve their careers and gain recognition of their peers many scholars choose to ignore every piece of evidence that would stir academic community or question the established theories . another example of bad science is lack of multidisciplinary approach . the historians almost never consult archaeologists , ethnologist , etymologists , ethnomusicologists , etc . keeping their interest only in written sources , and the later scholars likewise keep their interests firmly buried deep within their respective areas of expertise . this lack of communication leads to number of hypothesis that are accepted as proper theories among academic community but cannot be applied in the field , because the model they propose is not only inaccurate it is thoroughly wrong (and often in direct conflict with the models proposed by the scholars from different sciences) . there is of course the ever present cultural and pseudoscientific influence of the powerful western academic communities that often results in slavic scholars tuning their papers to be in accord with those theories that are established in the west , though a plenty of evidence exists to show them wrong . sad fact is that more slavic scholars dwell on greek , roman , egyptian , abrahamic and other religions instead on the religion of their own people .
rather than teaching adults and children to find their commonalities , they are promoting wordswordswordssocial justice.wordswordswords let us define the difference between equal justice and social justice a bit . equal justice is what we , as americans , and especially our founding fathers , hoped to create in this country . equal justice is portrayed in our society by a blindfolded justice holding the scales . she is blindfolded as to not see your race , your religion , or your social status as a factor in applying the law .
1 . give the " i heart your blog " award to your favorite top 10 blogs that have touched your heart and inspired your teaching by listing them on your blog .
chairman (ms chapter) wordswordswords institute of classical architecture & art
my second suitor was a semi-retired senior whowordswordswordsd moved from vancouver to cape breton . he wasnwordswordswordst quite so plainspoken , but i sensed , had i given a little encouragement , he might have made the ask . he mentioned three times he was looking for a nice lady and still hadnwordswordswordst found her , then went on to detail his reasonable financial situation and solid work history .
8 . look to non-traditional grant programswordswordswordsbeyond doj and dhswordswordswordsthat can fund your program .
chocolates from lovely g
group 1 attorneys who are in need and can demonstrate good cause can apply for an extension of time to comply with or a waiver of the cle requirement . please submit applications no later than december 27 , 2011 . the $50 filing fee that is supposed to accompany the application is waived for this (12/31/11) compliance period only . (emphasis added) .
1 . leave a comment letting me know your favorite vegan food product .
schneider weisse main kristall (tap 2) basically brew with the same ingredients as in tap 1 , minus the yeast and with gentle filtration . it has a slightly alcohol content at 5.3% . it pours to a very clear golden colour with a big fluffy head .
each day i try to be a bit more princess-like by living up to what i believe makes a " true princess "
john decamp , the franklin cover-up , child abuse , satanism and murder in nebraska , awt inc , 1992
so let's just say here are five great blogs that if you aren't following , you should .
2) it is (still!) hard to think of anyone in the area other than matt who could/would hold such a record . (and by quite a large margin . ..this is a self-admittedly unfocused 47-year old who a month ago essentially jogged a 2:19 pikes peak ascent--"i never wanted to feel my legs on the climb"--en route to winning the pikes peak marathon yet again.) basically , when such an outlier of a giant in a sport exists in an area there's hardly any reason to keep records on such things--everyone already knows who the king bee is .
whether you know one scripture or not .
my kids have fallen in love with jumping on the bed . they love it and iwordswordswordswell , i worry . i worry someone will fall off the end , that heads will wordswordswordsbonkwordswordswords too hard , or that a bone will get broken .
cat eye liner ii wordswordswords a.e . meth
the evidence shows that the use of one nation under god for various products , including jewelry and wristbands , is ubiquitous , and that these third parties use the phrase to provide information about their goods .
upon receipt of the clubroom remodel recommendation , the board may or may not take action . the board may decide to modify the acc recommendation or they may decide to start the project anew seeking different professional resources for a new solution/bid/design of their choosing .
i will be posting articles from the newsletter that i receive , the apf website and other various sources of information . i'll also be writing about my personal journey and experiences (good & bad) that i've had in trying to deal with this " condition" . i use the word condition in quotations because i feel that chronic pain is a disease (in and of itself!) and i wish more healthcare providers would recognize this . . .
while there are clearly unpleasant and painful aspects of what we are now facing , we have an opportunity to seize that whole-body tingling excitement . our system is at the next jumping off point to move from reform to innovation . we are ready to move on from the raw , vegan diet and the juice fast to the delicious and amazing split pea soup and everything that comes after .

here in minnesota , fifteen independent community radio stations form the ampers collective . kfai is a member . at kfai , many a program host embodies the spirit of community radio .
the usa was less than a century old when it underwent the awful bloodletting of civil war . and this too was , above all , about stateswordswordswords rights .
as we were walking in i saw a sign that said wordswordswordsear plugs 5 aed.wordswordswords this was truly a sign as you will see if you play the videos with the sound all the way up . there was , however , no one in the ticket booths selling tickets or ear plugs . so , we just sauntered in and found a seat in the grandstand . there were only a few other people there as you will also notice in the videos . racing hasnwordswordswordst quite caught on here yet . the addage wordswordswordsif you build it , they will comewordswordswords is taking a while to come to fruition . they built this big race track about three years ago and itwordswordswordss only now that they are seeing enough racers to make it interesting . it hasnwordswordswordst caught on as a spectator sport , yet . it hasnwordswordswordst caught on with sponsors either , so the drivers are those who can afford to finance their own cars .
i often thought of us all being there in the late 1970s having followed in the same footprints of children from six previous decades . some of the children in my class were following in their parents and grandparents footsteps by attending the school in that very same building . i thought about 1913 when it had been built and how it must have been to live in a time when the coal mines gave a steady and honourable way of life that looked like it would last forever . even here , in a small , irrelevant , working class north eastern village there would have been that feeling of edwardian tranquility . i thought how that would have been shattered by just the following year . how many children would have lost fathers or brothers in the great war ? how many children who attended the school in its early years would have themselves had to leave village life to go off to the horror of the second world war two decades later . it made the late 1970s seem like an even more peaceful and perfect golden age . i never thought of the world wars as being distant events . they were always close . grandad pedley had been a mechanic in the second world war , serving in egypt . my other grandad , my dadwordswordswordss dad , was in the durham light infantry . he fought at the somme in 1914 as a lewis gunner . he had told my dad a few stories and these were retold to me . one evening he had been given orders to take a message to another trench , a few miles away . he had to cross an area of no-mans-land to get there . he slowly crossed , slithering on his belly through the deep mire of mud in the dark . he returned the following day , in daylight . as he saw the fields he had crawled across the previous night he could now see that it hadnwordswordswordst been mud at all but the bodies of hundreds and hundreds or horses and men . he was later injured , his helmet took a shot and jammed onto his head , knocking him unconscious . when he awoke he was hundreds of miles away . he survived and eventually came back , fortunately for me . millions didnwordswordswordst .
because of his persistence .
londonwordswordswords corruption is a much larger problem in britain than acknowledged and key institutions are refusing to confront the problem , a global watchdog warned wednesday . transparency international uk called the findings of its two-year study into corruption in the uk a wordswordswordscorruption health-checkwordswordswords for the country wordswordswords with a diagnosis of wordswordswordsgrowing threat , inadequate responsewordswordswords . the group said its research found that corruption is flourishing in some parts of the uk and there is wordswordswordsdisturbing evidencewordswordswords of denial in policy responses to the issue . wordswordswordsthere is complacency and a lack of knowledge of the extent of corruption in key sectors and institutions,wordswordswords according to the study .
wordswordswordswhat is it that makes people back home* have no respect whatsoever for rules , laws , or even their fellow human being ? why do we come here and feel (for the most part) respected , and why are people so much more willing to do the wordswordswordsrightwordswordswords thing , follow the rules , stand in line , take turns , stop for pedestrians ? wordswordswords
rising up to take the place
i'm trying to make madeleine !
seven days start me over
every class we taught was wordswordswordsgradedwordswordswords by the students , who submitted a feedback form , rating the class on a scale from 1-5 , on about half a dozen points having to do with the quality of the class . although i was and am fairly conceited about my teaching ability and about my ability to recognize and improve my teaching flaws and correct my failures , like all the other instructors i read the student feedback carefully . as far as i could tell , kathy and i were the two highest rated instructors in the program .
chris froome - climber/gc contender wordswordswords 2nd in last years vuelta showed he has the legs for a good gc (might even be a prospect for le tour in the future) froome is more of a natural climber . note wordswordswords he grew up in kenya , but with british parents so donwordswordswordst be surprised by his accent !
for about 100 gms of mango ginger
it was just under $15 . it's a titch short for bare legs (i'd do it with tights for sure , though) , so i layered my cream ruffly skirt underneath it .
thanks for spending the last 12 sundays with the altered page , visiting the studios of these wonderful artists . today marks the last posting of this series . but swing by next sunday , as the next project fromthe pulse begins . and remember that you can always find the links to the first three projects (secret sunday , the book guild , studioscapes) on the sidebar of this blog .

i think itwordswordswordss going to be a busy year ! !
good morning ladies and gentlemen ,
network of symbols , gestures and roles that are encountered in the daily round
which they didn't . miserable buggers .
wordswordswordsi keep the receipts of every transaction . i donwordswordswordst know how she could have so much of money,wordswordswords he added .
my story all started way back in the 4th grade . i was one of those weird kids . i was ok with that at first . i didnwordswordswordst really notice when the kids made fun of me for imagining i was a superhero . then i realized when it became a dare to kiss me . yup that weird that no one would even touch me let alone kiss me . i cried because who i though was my best friend came up with the dare .
iwordswordswordsm feeling a little nostalgic today . . .
the dignity of the office of the potus has diminished with its loss of credibility . this began many years ago , both republicans and democrats are responsible .
we got a cool cookie jar for christmas (you lift the lid and he says " woof , woof - i love to eat cookies!") and i have been dutifully stocking it up with biscuits . we don't have much junk in the house , and as long as everything else balances out , i don't have a problem with having them in the house (i have been quite good at avoiding them myself!) .
the kids worked so hard on their houses
focuses on social interaction . social butterflies require immediate access to their friends no matter the time or place . they regularly maintain and update social networking sites , work with photos online and watch videos sent from other users .
her newspaper caused an immediate stir locally and nationally . it was customary at the time for editors to exchange complimentary copies with other papers , even rival papers . this provided plenty of canon-fodder for papers of differing opinions to attack one another . ms swisshelm describes the response to her first issue :
confessions of a doormat
wordswordswordsi demand cutting all ties with the united states ; the current disorder among egyptians is one of its planswordswordswords galal added .
the image was stamped with these steps :
thankfully , after that , we stuck with movies like a cry in the dark , from which i gleaned incredibly useful information like where oz got the name for his band .
barcia capped off his championship-winning eastern regional supercross lites class season by winning the nuclear cowboyz holeshot award before leading all 15 laps of the main event en route to his sixth victory of the season . barcia clinched the championship earlier this year at the new orleans stop .
sometimes the lowest fares are on an airlinewordswordswordss own website ; sometimes theywordswordswordsre available through search engines , such as kayak or expedia , which locate fares from a combination of carriers .
wordswordswordshopefully it wonwordswordswordst come to that . i sincerely hope that theywordswordswordsll wait until after the experts have given their opinions and all the evidence has been presented . i appreciate that the media has a strong desire to start discussing this issue straight away , but itwordswordswordss important to take a step back for the sake of due legal process.wordswordswords
guide on how to buy a sports watch
anyway , enough of the chin-stroking . it's all about lists , innit ? here's mine , in chronological order , of the exceptional shows i saw in 2011 .
i read in the mercury that there is a proposal to open the budget so that a location for skateboarding can be rented . i have no objection to this in principal , but it seems that in the past there has been no cost to the individual users and the thought is to continue that practise .
it's most definitely sad . and very frustrating .
the selling of iceland resonates today , over fifty years following the publication of this book . the collapse of the banking system and the controversial aluminum smelter in eastern iceland highlight themes that are not new . the conflicts that concern ugla are universal . here are words of ugla's that we could live by today :
itwordswordswordss even more chilling that there is a whole new movement afoot by the promoters of man-made global warming theory to intimidate climate skeptics by using new brain wordswordswordsresearch.wordswordswords
3.) my mother getting drunk on an overnight campout , waking us to take a midnight hike , then losing her glove and making us all re-trace our steps in the dark to search for her accessory . the odd part : she was happy .
number of openings : multiple
finding competent immigration legal advice in the united states
talking about my beautiful babies . . . .
i don't care , i'm going to wear it anyway . and if someone mentions it , i'm going to tell them that it's all about my love for sandwiches .
for example , if somebody asks me what iwordswordswordsm doing when iwordswordswordsm working on my novel , iwordswordswordsll say , wordswordswordsiwordswordswordsm writing.wordswordswords but if iwordswordswordsm writing notes on characters in to kill a mockingbird , i say , wordswordswordsiwordswordswordsm revising.wordswordswords even though , when i was writing notes , i was using a pen and paper , and when i was working on my novel i was in fact typing .
in fact , there's an entire community who can help if there are sock-ish problems and give virtual cheers at casting-off time .
doing this manually in the ui tool was in fact too error-prone , too boring . as a java/groovy developper , i should automate this with a groovy script .
using softee baby- ch51 .
and with that , iwordswordswordsm off to the races for one more day , and then iwordswordswordsm sunshine bound .
fist clenched , red-blooded american male
on the inside i cut out the side to make room for the book and then constructed the cubbyholes with doors . i put my little secret things inside of each door and labeled them with little hand-made tags .
preheat oven to 350f . grease a 12 cup muffin pan or line with paper muffin liners . in a large bowl sift together flour , sugar , brown sugar , baking powder , salt , and cinnamon .
i did not attend any festivals , parties , competitions or celebrations .
when i cry back alone ,
whilst tandy is hoping the beer blogging community visit pubs more , whilst giving many of them a reason not to , you can be assured he is pissing in the wind when it comes to cooking lager enthusiasts . not much for visiting pubs at the best of times , though the spoons january sale has a magnetic quality , during january we have all the dregs of the season to neck . leftover half boxes of lout , wine boxes , half bottles of vodka , whisky , sherry and even advocaat that regardless of science you assure your lady that they wordswordswordswill not last till next christmas , better get them neckedwordswordswords
i couldn't find a link to an official music video , but she did perform this song on american idol last week . you can view her performance here . the line of the song that inspired me to make this card is sung just before the 2-minute mark . " twinkle , twinkle little star . " :)
lastly , a current co-worker and i were ranting and raving our ultra conservatives views in the break lounge , he made a comment on illegal immigrants , and a somebody took offense to it . the comment was about how when a person breaks the law , they are a criminal . this wordswordswordsoffendedwordswordswords person responded on typical liberal cue , wordswordswordsthey just come here for a better life.wordswordswords here was a big fat soft ball waiting for me to hit it out of the park . i responded with wordswordswords the prisons are full of folks that broke into somebodywordswordswordss home , or business , illegally , looking to take items that were not theirs , in order to have a better life for themselves ! please tell me the difference ? wordswordswords
i had just cleared a call , running calls back to back and was ready for a little code 7 action (lunch) when dispatch tags me before i could go out in my hidy hole . dispatch is very frustrated with the caller , and would like me to investigate a misuse of 911 . i head over to the caller's address and see her pulling out of her driveway and into the street , apparently tired of waiting and in route to the station . she sees lucky little ol ' me , and backs into her driveway .
i took a seat and waited patiently for my tok tok mee ! the air was filled with the nice aroma of tok tok mee when it was served . tok tok mee is actually flat dried noodles that have been fried till the wok hei (hot wok) smell are infused into it . then it is doused in a flavourful gravy that tasted almost like the one used for singapore hokkien mee . the verdict! . . . . . ..tok tok mee is very delicious . . . . . ! i will be back for more ! lol ! a plate cost me rm5 .
i love you tommy i love you tommy i love you tommy i love you tommy i love you tommy i love you tommy
i have a standard wi-fi ipad , but at uk , i was given access to their internet system . that meant i could send information and photos to my fellow researchers and get feedback as i worked . i also purchased a keyboard to go with my ipad , and took notes at the filson housewordswordswordstranscribing what i saw on the back pages of the little prayerbook .

anyway , what you gonna do about it ? "
in a separate bowl , beat the eggs into the melted butter .
8and said to them , go back with much wealth to your tents , and with very much cattle , with silver and gold and brass and iron , and with a very great store of clothing ; give your brothers a part of the goods taken in the war .
buttons & baubles
this was my saturday morning . ..as i tried to catch a snooze on the couch . ..this little man found a whisk .
this is the part that all too many queriers leave out of the process . in their hurry to get started they let an almost-good query out the door . almost good won't cut it .
brazil , the worldwordswordswordss largest sugar exporter , sold $17.28 million worth of cachawordswordsa to 60 countries in 2011 , mainly to germany , portugal , the u.s . and france .
i am sure you have the computer , phone and camera gear covered . . . but if you want to know what i use . . . have a browse here . . .
profit-driven manufacturing practices and outsourcing have brought about a collapse of the job market . to tell vulnerable people to wordswordswordsgo and find workwordswordswords is a contradiction in itself . it is a serious dereliction of responsibility by politicians who are viewed by many to have contributed to the present crisis .
wordswordswordsangelo marc jandugan , i guess when war happen and you and your family is the 1st to fly out of singapore . wordswordswordsyour singaporewordswordswords . . lolwordswordswords wordswordswords marco koh
1 . you can make muthiyas from cabbage , sweet gourd (lauki) , spinach (palak) , fresh fenugreek leaves (methi) , grated mix vegetables , left over dry khichdi (an indian lentil and rice preparation) or even with left over vegetable pulao (mix vegetable rice) .
what are your thoughts ?
sorry this is a bit late . i ran out of town on friday and forgot to post this .
the two heroes of the movie are names burt and ernie , seemingly referencing the popular sesame street characters , but writer/ director dan o'bannon claims he wasn't aware of the characters at the time and says it was all a big coincidence .
i think it can help enormously if children read about other people who experience similar problems to themselves . i so much wish that some of the issue-based books available today had been around when i was young . if any of my writing were to help a child to realise they are not alone and to cope a bit better , iwordswordswordsd be delighted . but i think it's very important that these things are handled with a light touch and , where appropriate , with humour . children always know if they are being lectured to , and will soon close the book .
the road to christmas (not for children) . . . lmn . . . 8 pm
" mummy , i need the toilet "
gift him what makes you woman , the scent of
i haven't been to the mountains for many years -- it's so close and yet so far . but i do get to enjoy seeing them most mornings . sometimes they are better viewed from a distance !
dinner and hang out with friends .
i loved my mozzarella bites ! they are yummy ! they will be great to have in the freezer since iwordswordswordsm home for the summer ! i might even have to check out some of their other good-looking products ! i think some of them could even be used for an easy meal or a nice little party !
and weighs a lifetime .
here , however , the sailors change their minds again and blame the mariner for the torment of their thirst . in anger , the crew forces the mariner to wear the dead albatross about his neck , perhaps to illustrate the burden he must suffer from killing it , or perhaps as a sign of regret (wordswordswordsah ! well a-day ! what evil looks / had i from old and young ! / instead of the cross , the albatross / about my neck was hungwordswordswords) . eventually , in an eerie passage , the ship encounters a ghostly vessel . on board are death (a skeleton) and the wordswordswordsnight-mare life-in-deathwordswordswords (a deathly-pale woman) , who are playing dice for the souls of the crew . with a roll of the dice , death wins the lives of the crew members and life-in-death the life of the mariner , a prize she considers more valuable . her name is a clue as to the marinerwordswordswordss fate ; he will endure a fate worse than death as punishment for his killing of the albatross .
wordswordswordsyeah , but what did you do about it ? wordswordswords i raised an eyebrow in challenge .
4 . the market , in particular lalaisap day market in sathorn . it opens only monday to friday between 10 to 2 pm , it is the best bazaar/daymarket in the city , apparently wordswordswordslalaisapwordswordswords in thai means wordswordswordswhatever money you bring , you will spend itwordswordswords well it is difficult not to do so , you can find everything in such a good price that you kinda want to buy them all . you can get fashion items , food , fresh fruits , sweets , flowers , anything really . i took little miss there quite often too , she loves to get the dok mai (flower) , a jasmine garland , that she put on her wrist just like in this picture below
i can remember being 16 , sitting on the side of the northwest arm of halifax harbour , picking at stones the way some people pick at grass while lazing in a field . during one afternoon of roasted hot-dogs and apples by the seashore , absentmindedly using the corner of a jagged piece of slate to draw a tree on a blue stone worn smooth by the the ocean . i drew a tree bare of leaves , and of intricate branches and roots . this memory sticks out in my mind mostly because the friend who sat beside me that day said wordswordswordsi didnwordswordswordst know you could draw!wordswordswords and my response was that i could only draw trees .
because no matter how long wewordswordswordsre apart or how far away you are , a very special part of you goes with me everywhere .
what a waste of space an money . they might as well pack up their bags and go home .
i've also placed this in the sidebar for you to grab and place on your blogs to help us spread the word , and get even more people prepared for christmas this year !
thatwordswordswordss an even more biblical definition of justification . god made jesus to be sin for you and me , even though jesus himself never sinned , so that we might be made the righteousness of god in jesus .
tricia from lil miss crafty pants has been kind enough to offer 1 lucky winner a large fleece soaker/diaper cover in their choice of print ! you will get to chose boy , girl , or gender neutral . thank you so much tricia for all your help and kindness in helping to celebrate baby k's 1st birthday1 ! !
this is indeed my classic alfred sung skirt that i got in 2009 : with pumpkin tights ! i love the mint green shade , but it's tricky to wear with other colours . by adding the cinnamon-coloured cami , the neutral dark brown blouse and the dark shoes , i showcase the skirt . the tights were picked up on sale at esprit a few months ago . i am loving that pumpkin colour .
we talked with him for a while , coley and yoshi . pauli and i had the unique experience to just stand around there near the crew exit and talk to such gold and the other members of wtk . it was really nice to just hangout with everyone . i hope we didnwordswordswordst seem too awkward .
aside to that , his real girlfriend park hanbyul is also acting as his girlfriend for the mv .
mission beach , san diego
4 went
for eternity .
another possibility is to make it mandatory for hospitals to give their patients a comparison of their estimated charges against the published fees in the moh website as part of the financial counselling process .
i have been trying to get my account to operate properly for some time now .
feast your eyes on our design team's awesome creations this week , and we hope you find inspiration in them ! these ladies never cease to amaze me with their creativity !
wordswordswordsand , as a result , only a few move in the right directionwordswordswords
this argument , which is subtly different from the harm prevention argument , provides some justification for attempt liability . the second premise would be supported by the deterrence-based reasoning that i outlined in the two preceding paragraphs .
- a need to write poetry to the tomato .
this is two coats of models own true blue , and even though it didn't really require it , one coat of seche vite .
let's hope i don't get near a depend display anytime soon , or it might be dangerous !
--fatal cancer
our friend and neighour , the former syndic and ground floor owner , is now seriously ill and will be having major surgery around the time of our next meet with the juge de paix . he will then be convalescing for 3 months , right around the time we may need to do the major works on the house . we are hoping beyond hope that his brain tumour is not cancerous . after months of telling ourselves that whatever happens we at least have our health , this is a knock to our thin armour of optimism .
motley crue
and , wouldnwordswordswordst you know , my new pillow combo inspired me to paint the back of those bookcases again . from coral back to bluewordswordswordsthis time in a peacock shade of castile by olympic paint . i know . it never ends .
kh : in alexandra palace in london . it was 8500 people two nights in a row .
andrew : you did not .
floating over coral in the warm water , i saw an array of colourful schools of fish , like a festival . therewordswordswordss the fish orchestra wordswordswords the trumpet , drummer and flutemouth wordswordswords the arty creatives wordswordswords the parrot , rabbit , butterfly and batfish wordswordswords and the buskers wordswordswords the angel , clown and surgeon .
donwordswordswordst know about you , but i donwordswordswordst want the us to roll back a century of history and hard-won victories for people who donwordswordswordst necessarily fit the profile of the first american voters (white , male , over 21 , and owners of property wordswordswords in other words , like the gop slate) .
but perhaps the best feature of etsy.com is the buyers . plain janes and joes like you and me who are just so appreciative of your business ! it's a great place to buy a gift for a friend or even start your own shop selling your art (whatever style it may be) .
as with tony who taught me tennis , brian was another of my dadwordswordswordss friends from work who kindly agreed to teach me guitar . my dad would take me to brianwordswordswordss flat and he would patiently show me how to play chords then write out the words and chords to easy songs and we played and sang together . i had no discernible talent but brian got something vaguely listenable out of me . neil youngwordswordswordss heart of gold was a particular favourite of mine , though i was embarrassed by playing freewordswordswordss feel like making love with brian , especially when his wife walked in on us . though i was past puberty , the last thing on my mind was sex and i wasnwordswordswordst really ready for singing about my sexual longings in front of a married couple . i donwordswordswordst think i ever will be ready for that !
so why did i expect
and peace
however , cloud storage is not without its limitations . some business and/or government departments have concerns or even specific requirements around the retention of data within geographical or political regions . some companies may insist that data is not stored in certain countries , while the likes of government departments may even insist that data is stored in within its political and legal control . furthermore , the security of the data within the cloud itself needs to be verified before a company commits to the solution . isolation of data from other companies and the control of access to an organisationwordswordswordss data must be clearly controlled and ensured by the vendor . finally , it must be remembered that with cloud storage , there is a dependency on the internet links and as a result there is a clear read/write performance impact that must be considered before adopting any cloud storage solution .
perhaps thatwordswordswordss the case here wordswordswords that someone just doesnwordswordswordst know any better and wouldnwordswordswordst know class if it bashed them in the head and gave them a skull fracture and a closed head injury . if so , what do you do about that , other than hope one has advisors around that can discourage such a massive faux pas before it gets out , which obviously isnwordswordswordst the case here .
hope you've been following the leveson inquiry . ..it's entertaining stuff even if you're not much interested in newspapers or politicians . essentially you seem to have one bunch of grubby little men (and women) having a pop at another bunch of grubby little men (and women) . and none of them come out of it with any credit . would you give any of them house room ? i know i wouldn't . this week we have the murdochs (junior and senior) realising that their goose is cooked so far as having any real influence any more . ..and therefore adopting a scorched earth policy . ..taking down everyone they can . nice . it would be good to think that at some stage we will have reason to admire the political and economic elite rather than just gaze on at their unrelenting awfulness . wouldn't it ?
follow len and leslie marma of success ! real estate on their facebook business page , wordswordswordsmarshfield matterswordswordswords wordswordswordswordswordswords . click like to receive real estate info and whatwordswordswordss happening in marshfield
-opening a box (my primary activity these days) and discovering that it was full of christmas presents ! i am trying to be strong and wait until a skype christmas gathering with my parents to open them . but that little zebra one's just begging to be peeked at . self-control is not easy , folks . i remember when i was little and my sister and i would scout out the house for presents . there was a big chest in my parents ' bedroom and we meticulously looked at how everything was arrayed on top of it (including a perfectly parted tassel) and then delved into it , discovering all of our presents . we then carefully put everything back , even parting that tassel in the exact same place , and my parents never knew until i told them years later . i will be strong , i will be strong . . .
i have lost my house keys which is fairly annoying , as it also has work keys on , and given the snow that looks set in at the moment and the fact that most of my colleagues live far outside exeter (ranging from honiton to bridgwater to keynsham) , if the road network fails us i might be having to try and break into the office on monday morning .
talking to female friends , i discovered that kate bush
these eye openers , fog cutters , and morning glories came in many forms and included almost anything that could potentially soften the effects of a hangover . therefore , the ingredients were often a matter of taste . perhaps the chosen cure combined a bit of milk and sugar mixed with your morning dram . after absinthe became popular , it often found its way into many anti-fogmatics , mostly because of its refreshing flavor and stomach settling powers . its extreme potency was usually tamed with some sweetener and ice . other pick-me-ups revolved around citrus and employed its tart flavors , not to mention the natural sugars and vitamins , to help bring the sparkle back to eyes clouded over with heaviness . the truth is that when strong morning tipples were common--and we're not talking about today's tame bloody marys and mimosas--everything was fair game . an entire category of drinks , with clever monikers , was devoted to helping the masses face a new day , often in spite of the one before .
after chronic city was published , wikipedia had to lock down the marlon brando page because fans of the book were trying to revive him in keeping with the bookwordswordswordss plot .
shapes your butt and thighs
i've digressed . anyway , in conclusion , screw health food and energy drinks .

here are some interesting articles and a fun guessing game related to the crazy housing market in vancouver :
lions of the west presents short biographies of eight men who were integral to the process of america expanding west across the north american continent . kari and i chose to discuss each man in-dept over the course of a few weeks . we started the discussion here with the chapter on thomas jefferson . below is our discussion of james polk , a president neither of us think we would like much at all . we hope you enjoy the below discussion and that it piques your interest enough to delve more into american history and understand the complex relationships that existed , and continue to exist , between so many different cultures .
02 . we broke free 4:06
we have corroborating data from the cftc issued commitment of traders reports . the latest data shows a complete reversal of positions between the major market participants . whereas in early 2011 commercials wordswordswords miners like freeport-mcmoran (fcx) wordswordswords were short and small speculators (retail futures traders) long , the current market is characterized by the opposite .
donaldwordswordswordss willingness to experiment led him to designing and maintaining our web site , way before the national church considered one , which opened up the manuscript and photographic collections to the wider world as never before . the highly successful mission archives section on the site evolved as a result of the demand for these records by academic researchers . with only a paper listing of the collection and no real means of cross referencing , donald set about rearranging and describing the collection to enable it to be entered into the electronic catalogue wordswordswordsarkwordswordswords . along with the completion of the preservation of the mission photos donaldwordswordswordss knowledge of the ins and outs of mission activity in the church enabled him to become wordswordswordsthe authoritywordswordswords for those inquiring about presbyterian mission activity .
24 following
when it comes to dessert , i am a chocolate lover . chocolate on top of chocolate dipped in chocolate .
poetry book society recommendation
it shall be scandalous , risque in truest form
grant me luck in all my endeavors .
-11pm rhett miller . damn fine show . . . .and my new girlfriend susan tedeschi sings with him . i think she was looking at me .
as is true in each of these adoption stories , god is moving and doing a work to make the logistics happen . this morning i got this email . . .
sauce , slow cooked
the pub has a tram theme . inside it you can find old tram seats , and there is even a tram bell at the bar . the men's room is special , and the artwork on the walls is one of a kind .
solitude is no longer just a dream . i know itwordswordswordss real because iwordswordswordsm seeing it with my own eyes ; and itwordswordswordss breathtaking . i had so many doubts on my sea-voyage over here . so many unknowns . just getting a glimpse of the suspended city from a distance , i know i made the right decision by coming to skyrim . after a few more minutes of silently staring in awe , i finally return to my senses , and decide to get moving again so that i may stare at solitude from within its walls .
nicholas ridley agreed with the act of supremacy , supporting henrywordswordswordss action . he became the kingwordswordswordss chaplain and later , in the time of edward vi , he was bishop of rochester . he helped to write the book of common prayer . he became bishop of london and worked to improve the conditions of the poor .
anyhoo , i have lots of thoughts about this novela but iwordswordswordsll stop there . suffice it to say , this novela is a cornerstone of my evenings 6 days a week .
so i received an email the other day to schedule a very important interview . now you may think that i am great with people . nothing is further from the truth . i get nervous , nervous leads to talking too much , and the next thing i know i am telling some lady about how easy it is to get weed and hookers in tijuana . (not that i actually know.) i looked up the most asked questions in an interview and decided to share the things i want to say , instead of what i should say .
see who you recognize in this all-star lineup of legendary players .
unschooling sex , drugs & rock n ' roll
(3) palestinians who donwordswordswordst like having wordswordswordslimited voting powerwordswordswords can move to jordan .
two things stood out to me , while i was watching the vow .
yesterday , when i got back from my zumba class , we spent the day sitting in our lovely garden reading and enjoying the sunshine in temperatures of 20c - lovely .
samoa apia : 13.8s 171.8w ; 19:34utc 19 mar
i replaced it with this one from lowe's . $36 for the fixture and $6 for each seed glass shade . i broke one on the way home so i had to go back and buy another one . so my $54 fixture ended up costing $60 . had i realized 100 years ago when i first hated that light how easy it was to replace , i would have done it years ago . replacing a light is so simple . a couple of screws , twist a couple of wire nuts and voila - a new beautiful light fixture .
they continue to believe that there is plenty of work out there and that all the need to do is to give people a wordswordswordsnudgewordswordswords to go and get it .
" from home to home , and heart to heart , from one place to another
but i had no time to think about addiction , as the lesson started in earnest . first richard showed me the balls . wordswordswordsthese vary in weight from 6-16lbs and you measure the ball by hand spec and weight,wordswordswords he told me . he chose a large red number for me weighing 10lbs which seemed incredibly heavy , but wordswordswordsthe heavier the ball the more pin reaction you get.wordswordswords he showed me how to hold the ball : wordswordswordsmiddle and ring fingers in the top holes and thumb in the lower hole . if you can hold it comfortably for 10 seconds it's about the right weight.wordswordswords it wasn't exactly comfortable , but i persevered .
over the last couple of months , i find myself facebook friends with a number of my afircan american family members . facebook certaintly canwordswordswordst turn water into blood (although , iwordswordswordsm sure there will be a button for that one day) , but itwordswordswordss a start . my girlfriend and i even had the joy of recently visiting my cousin aprilwordswordswordss house for the first time (no piggy back rides were allowed , though) .
adrin2001 : i can't explain it
it also makes me want to ensure that , thanks to actually hiring editors , i significantly lessen the opportunity for anybody to ever think this about my work .
spiritualized : sweet heart sweet light
for those of you who have never been on jury duty , you have to check in and go through security and then make your way to the basement . there were tons of people there and so many lines that seemed to take forever ! once through the lines , i found myself a seat and started my people watching . i even had a lady , sitting next to me , offer me a magazine once . i told her i was enjoying my people watching . :) she laughed and agreed that it was some good times for watching .
so how exactly do you digest things ? do you even think about digesting things ?
84 (1) (a) : reasonable requirements of public are not satisfied
his 1982 album , wordswordswordsthriller,wordswordswords is the worldwordswordswordss most selling album of all-time . his other records , including wordswordswordsoff the wall,wordswordswords wordswordswordsbad,wordswordswords and wordswordswordsdangerous,wordswordswords are also ranked among the top selling records ever . this guy was extremely talented , not only in the states , but abroad , as well . jackson is also ranked as the second most-selling artist of all time .
i gazed at this cover over & over as a kid , and i played my tape of it endlessly , iwordswordswordsd often rewind burt bacharachwordswordswordss baby itwordswordswordss you . most of the songs were knocked out in 1 ten hour recording session in early 1963 , and itwordswordswordss always been among my favourite records .
in hopes that her stevie soon would be there .
after that , i got back in the tub and labored awhile longer . at 1pm my midwife checked again and i was at a 10 . i was a bit shocked when she told me . i kept thinking , i feel no urge to push . i told her and she reassured me some women don't , she told me my water hadn't broken yet and that could be why , she we got to work trying to get my water broken . i bounced on the yoga ball , swayed with marc , and stomped around my house before my midwife finally said she would break my water if it hadn't in 30 minutes . around 1:40 pm , she broke my water . it was a relieving feeling , i felt lighter . the contractions were back and worse . i was laying on my bed wiggling around trying to move to alleviate the pain . it hit me right after the contraction that i still felt no urge to push , she told me to relax back in the tub and to push with each contraction , with that she told my mom and sisters to come outside with her so that marc and i could be alone for awhile .
weight : 21lbs/1oz . (she's tall & lean , a good combo)
shuts her eyes in fright . vyasa
our calling as disciples is to be conformed to his image in such an intimate and complete manner that he can live through us right now here in this world to bring forth the fatherwordswordswordss kingdom of love . for it is the fatherwordswordswordss intent that jesus be the firstborn of many brethren (rom . 8:29) so that as his body here on earth we can continue his ministry to the world until he comes again !
herb and i saw safe , starring jason statham . i always enjoy looking at statham , but this movie had a little too much violence for me . lots of shooting and dead people . herb's more of the action-adventure fan , and he gave the movie an " okay . "
a while back we had a guest post from intern x , on why your querying chances are better than you think , which you can find here :
black hair takes a lot of time to do . even if you want to go for a simple ponytail , unprocessed black hair will not go happily . it requires (years of) brushing . brush , and brush , and . . . isn't it done yet ? for corn-rows and twists , you're probably looking at an hour and up . for braids , somewhere around 5 hours- with weaves somewhere in between . but it can last quite a while . if you tie it down to sleep in corn-rows can last from a week and up . braids and weaves usually around a month . when you take out braids or a weave , they can be washed and reused . which reminds me , you cannot wash black hair every day . it will break and drop out . i think most black females wash their hair once a week or every two weeks .
the dixie cup in the upper
iwordswordswordsm not as scared about that anymore , because the tucson school board has been clear that it didnwordswordswordst want to put a stop to ethnic studies in general , but just to mexican-american studies . so itwordswordswordss regular old racism wewordswordswordsre dealing with , as opposed to broad xenophobia . i donwordswordswordst know if thatwordswordswordss better or worse than if the school board also wanted to shut down the african-american history and german classes .
this last weekend i came wordswordswordshomewordswordswords to tucson to attend stephanie porterwordswordswordss wedding . she is my cousin jeff porter and his wife michellewordswordswordss oldest daughter and a university of arizona grad , like both rick and i . the wedding was gorgeous but was only part of an amazing weekend . to begin the weekend i had brunch that extended into lunch and then early afternoon with an amazing friend , debbie harvey , who i lived with for a time while teaching at asdb . debbie and i are opposite in many ways but alike in more and had a wonderful time catching up with each other . it was a special gift . rick and i were also able to catch up with good friends from our first days of marriage , dave and cindy de fer . wewordswordswordsve spent time with dave and cindy both in tucson and in san diego where their boat is docked and we are always able to start up our relationship right where we left off the last time we were together .
so when i left you last , i had just emptied out all the drawers and put all of my old and duplicated items into a box to donate .
a waited for the sun to rise , and as the murky ink of blackness seeped away from the heavens , it seemed to creep into my brain .
obviously , someone had to eat the leftovers - a tough call but someone had to do it (this turned out to be me) .
are you still using the same phone or computer you had five years ago ? chances are , however , youwordswordswordsve updated your electronics to ones that can do much more than they could a few years ago . while it might not be quite as dramatic , life insurance products have also advanced significantly and offer more flexibility and features that address the needs of clients today . for example , long-term care (ltc) riders , which were not widely available a decade ago , are now a popular alternative to standalone policies .
wordswordswordsno one is holy like the lord ,
so pretty much that's all for now .
5:35 wordswordswords buckingham palace stakes wordswordswords king of jazz (14/1) e/w
arguably , various characters and scenes have been stereotyped and over-exaggerated but i donwordswordswordst see this as a negative ; it simply forces the audience to become involved and question their own thoughts as well as those of the individual characters . in addition , several moments of blatant comedy are present to intercut the drama and allow the play to breathe .
now i'm verbally pleading , begging , and threatening my body to get me up the four stairs at the front of the house so i can get inside where the temperature is more moderate , where the bathroom , bed , computer , etc are . it seems a million years ago that it wasn't really so bad until the sixth or seventh chair . now my downfall is the third .
are we
i recognize that vending is a vital economic and cultural lifeline in new york city . after meeting with unified street vending organizations , and corresponding with art street vendors , i have a strong understanding of the issues that street vendors face . these issues include vending laws that are often outdated and unenforceable , increasing fines , and unequal and improper regulation of a system that should encourage economic growth and empowerment . i believe that vending needs to be regulated efficiently and fairly .
so . ..now i sit back and wait and make plans for a trip without them , just in case .
the crisis induced by the axing of mbeki is an occasion to review liberal democracy and the constitution -- that uneasy , syncretistic mixture of a hollow westminster system and soviet-like party dominance . it is time to explore and formulate a system that will vest power in people and not invest in the empty shells or trojan horses that parties have become in africa , including this country . a federal system , with constituency-based representation , would be appropriate for this diverse and complex land and it would free us from a cabal that is bent on retaining power for its own benefit , at the expense of the state and society .
wait . (and please read to the end . . . otherwise you might be helplessly left depressed . :/ plus the song is linked at the bottom.)
than 3 years unbroken , nigeria was
to audition for the show was more of a challenge to myself , not the vocalist of sweet guerillaz . i thought it would be a good opportunity to sing songs to a wider range of people because i had thought it would be very helpful to my music career .
doors of la mairie (town hall)
but thatwordswordswordss soooo hardwordswordswords
second , shirley's 2 girls , the puppy love stamp :
wandering school of fish no more able to
. . . to summarize , the problem here boils down to the fact that jackson accepted the district courtwordswordswordss remittitur , which rejected the same argument he makes here , that a jury should award damages based on evidence showing the benefits of glenayrewordswordswordss customerswordswordswords infringing use of glenayrewordswordswordss products . even if jackson were to succeed in convincing a new jury that the customers directly infringe the wordswordswords900 patent , the issue of the appropriate damages award based on that infringement has already been litigated to a final judgment . jackson is therefore barred from raising arguments before us that he chose not to raise in the prior appeal .
2010.08.06 iraq kirkuk 1 0 muslim radicals shoot a woman to death .
liberals call conservatives intolerant , but their own tolerance never seems to extend to those who disagree with their plan to radically transform america . on college campuses around the country , these lovers of free speech constantly shout down those trying to take advantage of the first amendment .

cinnamon roll pancakes
19th december - sunday
rum central also had a cocktail menu , with a full page dedicated to mojitos . my feelings about mojitos generally parallels my feeling about martinis : there is one , and only one , and anyone who asks wordswordswordswhatwordswordswordss your favorite kind of mojito ? wordswordswords needs a corrective lecture . (although i have been known to make an exception for the ginger mojito , topped with ginger ale rather than soda water.) rum central offered a goodly list of mojitos , including a mojito del chwordswords , topped off with beer . i do not know of any documentation linking such a drink with chwordswords , nor could i think of any reason to try one .
an alternative to traditional white txakoli , gurrutxaga also comes in this rosado version that uses the red hondarribi beltza grape to produce a very dry pink wine that expresses the barest hint of strawberry fruit character . chill this and serve as you would a traditional txakoli . you will be surprised how quickly this low alcohol wine disappears .
shake & serve straight up in a chilled cocktail glass .
when bonnie runs away from home she leaves her mother grace and sister rita heartbroken . each of their lives are in turmoil but their love for each other will see them through the most troubled of times .
- i'm saying bye to all the amazing friends i made in my 1 year of uni
i took several snaps from our hotel bedroom but not one of the sea view , a few hundred metres away . this view , however , shows what an indian building site looks like .
do you see themwordswordswordsa few high wisps of cirrus , drifting away
3 forth
rolling stone described her nine original compositions in wordswordswordsphoebe snowwordswordswords as wordswordswordslight jazz torch songswordswordswords but freer in form and attitude . (two other songs on the album were her versions of otherswordswordswords material) .
at one point she talks about deciding to believe everything until it is proven false , instead of only believing what is proven true . i haven't reached that point yet . i don't really think i will .

the gas station attendant leaves his nice , warm store behind , and comes out to pump michelle's gas . he's played by one of the genre greats , brad dourif , much to my delight . i wonder if he'll get to kill any rats or possess any dolls in this one ?
unbelievably , i had to do the same again before i could get to the bmw lane .
and there's such a great art to it , isn't there ?
he had only the most basic of training in gun handling but did do some draws and some dry fire a couple times a week and live fired maybe once a month . that basic skill combined with knowing what to do was enough . he shot at the first possible moment despite having let the guys get the drop on them . when the gunman turned his head because a car drove by that was the opening . a split second is a long time sometimes .
if we do away with capital punishment , i want people who would otherwise be on death row either to be put to hard labor or to be put in solitary confinement so they never see another human being face to face again . i want murderers to suffer as much as their victims suffered , but their lawyers will prevent that . no matter how many supreme court justices are appointed by republican presidents , we keep getting these pro-criminal , anti-victim rulings because our law schools are designed to produce lawyers and judges who care more about the accused than they do about victims of crime .
soup . also imagine the tree of vessels in
what i found , was that i am lazy about reading and all that information about iso , aperture , and shutter speed and trying to figure out how they all relate to each other was almost too much for me . yet somehow , i got past it and found my own unique way of playing with my settings until i was able to capture a picture i was proud of . and you know , that felt really good . so i continued . below is a shot of the fountain over in bar harbor where i became fascinated with the droplets of water .
spilling , cursing and storytelling
as the moon rose over the crimson stained battleground , both commanders were still locked in battle with one another . no one ever managed to find records for the battle . some say there was a lone figure standing atop many fallen brethren , some say the battle never truly ended . say what you will about it , just say and echo until the next ipa wars that it was a war of epic proportions !
somehow we all ended up going back to lizwordswordswordss flat wordswordswords club boy too . and thatwordswordswordss when everything changed . i couldnwordswordswordst let liz have him wordswordswords it was one tease too many , besides iwordswordswordsd recognised something familiar about her treat that night . i noticed how his skin shone translucent in a certain light , how he licked his teeth when he smiled . it had been so long since iwordswordswordsd had one of my own i just couldnwordswordswordst resist it . i only had myself to blame for the bad choices iwordswordswordsd made earlier in the evening but this was just right . although liz had pissed me off with her usual man-eater act i did love her wordswordswords as i
from wordswordswordsthe man from skibbereenwordswordswords
in closing , let us consider what light is shed on these matters by the attempted terrorist attacks in stockholm in december 2010 . there were two bombs in the attack . the first one was a car bomb consisting of a primitive explosive device (possibly containing fireworks) and a number of liquid petroleum gas canisters . the gas was ignited by the explosive device but did not itself detonate , and caused only minor injuries to a small number of passers-by . this must be considered a severe failure , and is indicative of the type of problem that will be faced by would-be terrorists who lack access to chemical precursors , the technical expertise to formulate them into a bomb , or , in all likelihood in this particular case , both .
check email , facebook and games , twitter , blog , surf the net . . .
the final golia thought from that day i remember was to the question : wordswordswordswhy do you live in los angeles ? .wordswordswords his response , simply , wordswordswordsbecause it is close to las vegas and los alamos.wordswordswords now , for me , that response is the right mix of zany and smart to make me perk up and notice this small in stature but long in ideas italian .
i have always wanted to commit myself to a martial art discipline . there were just too many excuses and obstacles that prevented me not to . after trying aikido way back in college , i decided not to pursue any art that would take years to master and would require youth and great flexibility .
we all havewordswordswords wordswordswordsthingswordswordswords in our past that wewordswordswordsre not exactly proud of , right ? well iwordswordswordsve just finished watching an episode of louie that reminded me of one such thing from my past . it happened during one of the many , many , very lonely wordswordswordsdry spellswordswordswords of my youth . i was working part-time at one of those wordswordswordsdrive-up windowwordswordswords carry out stores when an older woman started coming on to me . the freaky thing is that her attraction to me was based on her belief that i was the wordswordswordsspitting imagewordswordswords of a painting of christ she had on her wall !
you then list these as ' what not to say ' and translate them into plain english .
pineapple filling wordswordswords i just bought 1 packet of the readymade ones and i add a bit of hotwater to the filling , just a bit so that they wonwordswordswordst be too dry .
two months later , in january , his office and the ndp headquarters building would be burned to a crisp by rioters at the beginning of the egyptian uprising .
menehune longboard final 14 & under , m/f)
we are off to see evil dead : the musical . ..we have seats in the blood splash zone ! sweet! ! !
capitalism-parliamentary democracy- fascism .
23 . dancin ' fool (3:29)
on the last day rob and i were walking around , looking for a game to play and bumped into a complete stranger . we asked him if he was looking for a game and he said he was . we asked him if he had any idea of what he wanted to play as rob and i were easy to please . he asked if we heard of a game called belfort . . ! that was pretty cool ! so , since rob hadnwordswordswordst played the game yet , we set it up and found a fourth player interested in playing and played a game of belfort wordswordswords without the expansion as they were all first-timers . everyone seemed to enjoy it and rob even squeaked out a win in a close game !
she enters my dream
shut the hell up , schwarzenneger . idiocy doesn't sound any better though an austrian accent .
2) wordswordswordsamerican citizenwordswordswords kevin scott (r) reaffirmed his #1 republican status
next up , a rather brave lady became dr ahmed's guinea pig for the live demonstration of dermal fillers . this particular treatment was something angela had been considering for ages , so we paid close attention . first , dr ahmed drew lines (in biro ! ? !) all down the lady's left cheek , explaining that he was going to replace all the natural collegen that had been lost through the aging process . the result would be a nice natural plump cheek and less visible lines - ya dancer ! next , we were led downstairs to one of the treatment rooms where dr ahmed got to work filling a giant needle with the filler . i think everyone in the room gasped a little at the length of it . it must have been about the length of my index finger . from here he proceeded to push said instrument of torture right along the biro lines on the lady's face . it took ages and straight away her cheek began to ooze blood , swell up and bruise . the room was really hot and after 2 glasses of wine , both angela and i had to get some fresh air before he had even finished the treatment . it was every bit as scary as i had envisaged and actually more invasive than i had previously thought . i think even angela is having second thoughts . . .
shoot yourself ? you have no bullets .
this promotion is in no way sponsored , endorsed or administered by , or associated with , facebook , twitter , blogger or pinterest . your entries are going to emergency essentials and not to facebook , twitter , blogger or pinterest . facebook , twitter , blogger or pinterest is in no way responsible for any part of this giveaway .
(you can sort of see this blog post is not going to be a deep one can't you ? )
another and another song rose up and died down before he allowed me to rest . smiling from ear to ear , i strode over to the full container of mead where a young girl wearing a mask of red rowan berries , willow leaves , and apple blossoms cheerfully ladled out the thick sweet refreshment .
i recently attended secret church : the cross and suffering at the church at brook hills in birmingham , alabama . i cannot even begin to unpack all that i learned and that i am continuing to learn from my time there . suffice it to say , david platt could be a professional auctioneer and we covered 220-something pages and 75 key texts in 1 night . now , we all know that i am a nerd (yes , thatwordswordswordss wordswordswordsnerdwordswordswords with a capital wordswordswordsnwordswordswords) , but whoa nelly ! my mind was so moving so fast that night that i think a little bit of it is still spinning trying to comprehend everything that i learned . perhaps that is why i took no less than 4 trips to the main office building today at work in 20 minutes because i kept forgetting something . yes , that sounds like a good excuse .
now everything between me and you is over
on a different note , the ipod is another product from apple inc . it is a portable device that stores and plays music and video or other forms of digital media files . it was originally released in 2001 and was developed into many variations , such as ipod classic , nano , shuffle and touch . changes in the product model , also led to the creation of ipod accessories . items such as stickers , transparent screen protectors , colourful pouches carry socks are just of its well-loved pieces .
wordswordswordsunderneath the layer of shells the earth was very dark and appeared to be mixed with vegetable mold to the depth of 1 foot . at the bottom of this , resting on the original surface of the ground , was a very large skeleton lying horizontally at full length . although very soft , the bones were sufficiently distinct to allow of careful measurement before attempting to remove them . the length from the base of the skull to the bones of the toes was found to be 7 feet 3 inches . it is probable , therefore , that this individual when living was fully 7wordswords feet high.wordswordswords
have decided that i canwordswordswordst skip basic grooming or else i feel like crapola . so my feet are next , but iwordswordswordsve decided that i need to be more consistent with the shaving , the eyebrows , and the hands too . being wordswordswordstoo tiredwordswordswords is no excuse , because i honestly think itwordswordswordss a vicious cycle . iwordswordswordsm too tired to shave , so i donwordswordswordst . and then the next day i canwordswordswordst wear a cute dress because i still havenwordswordswordst shaved . so i wear my jeans again . i donwordswordswordst blow-dry my hair , i donwordswordswordst put on makeup , i put on rwordswordswordss giant fleece cuz itwordswordswordss the only thing that closes over my belly , and then i stick on a baseball cap . what is the result ? it ainwordswordswordst pretty . and it donwordswordswordst make me feel so good . so i have even less energy for shaving the next day . iwordswordswordsm not saying itwordswordswordss time for stilettos again , but i do think there is a happy medium . and now that iwordswordswordsm not teaching anymore , surely i have a little more time in my day for some primping .
wordswordswords5wordswordswords8wordswordswords . and the boys are all wordswordswords so high.wordswordswords her illustrative hand hovered around our waists . we had munchkin men and monster girls .
chiang says he wants to make sure the state wonwordswordswordst have to default because that could further damage the statewordswordswordss credit rating .
and create in me an inner place , broad and open
wordswordswordsham sandwich or peanut butter ? wordswordswords
chop the shallots , onion , red pepper , garlic , chili and coriander stalks . heat oil in a pan and sweat the onions and pepper . add the garlic , chili and coriander stalks . sweat some more , then add the content of the tomato tins , vinegar , sugar , salt and other spices . simmer for about 15 minutes so the excess moisture can evaporate and the sauce thickens . now make a little space for the eggs in the sauce so they can be enclosed , drop the eggs in and simmer some more to poach the eggs . sprinkle with chopped coriander and squeeze some fresh lime on top . serve with warm tortilla bread and sour cream .
nfl comparison : lance moore
i am just home after seeing m , and i need to write or else the session will become a vague memory , and there's a big possibility that i will block it completely .
guess what ? she is available as a sculpture christmas ornament too , from the bradford exchange ! she comes in a set of three - all ruby and two of her sisters , each with little dragonlings in holiday decor . only $29.97 for the set of all three - less than $10 each - and you can get guaranteed christmas delivery ! click below to see :
i think it's why we're all here .
in addition to providing more light into our entryway , part of our motivation to add windows on the sides of the entrance (where the blue tape is boxed off) is to break up the massive white blob on the front of our house .
helping couples to deepen conjugal love and achieve responsible parenthood is part of the churchwordswordswordss total pastoral ministry to catholic spouses . fulfillment of this ministry includes both education and pastoral care .
my basket is abnormally light , swinging at my side , mouth gaping to be filled with fresh produce more enticing than bruised apples and soft , flavorless tomatoes . one seasonwordswordswordss fruit and vegetables ebb well before my appetite for one or the other does , yet each craving the impending season excites is left in suspense , unsatisfied in the chasm before the harvest . my hunger is left hovering in midair as the sweetness of pears wanes , clementines and grapefruit sour well before lusty strawberries and bright raspberries wend their way from neighboring gardens to my market ; the orange brilliance of plump autumn pumpkins fades before the sugary peaches and nectarines burst onto the scene . sweet potatoes disappear , exotic pomegranates are no longer mine for the taking yet their absence has welcomed no rich , tart cherries , no rosy rhubarb . and berries . ah , berries . it will be months before tiny cardboard boats brimming over with buxom blueberries , voluptuous blackberries , glistening , jewel-like currents find themselves nestled among the ever-present apples and bananas now flown in from some faraway place .
those interested should contact myles lennon , director of green operations at--
i think they can be rightly proud of their park , completed now at a time when so many municipalities are barely able to make a go of it , the hardworking diligent citizens of berne with strong work ethic have built a monument to their heritage and the wisdom of remaining true to their values is center visible to anyone who drives by .
we were impressed with the presentation of the dish , as the parfait was made to resemble a real cherry , cute right ?
editions:the matrix was originally issued on dvd and laserdisc in 1999 . the dvd was reference quality for quite a while with a 16:9 anamorphic image , dual-layer transfer and shattering dolby 5.1 surround mix . the ld was based off the same master but some have said that the ld 5.1 mix was more robust and the dvd mix was a bit toned back . theywordswordswordsre both at the same 384 kbp/s bitrate however .
drawing and sketching , however doesn't work that way . i bought the book one drawing a day by veronica lawlor , whose work i love , and hope to work my way through it . i'm looking to loosen up and just do it and enjoy it . i think doing a quick lesson a day will help . this is lesson 2 , working with dip pens and ink . i never use dip pens but i really had fun with this . i couldn't resist adding color !
during our visit to north carolina we visited waterfalls near cherokee , north carolina , at deep creek in the smokies , in the dupont state forest in north carolina . we also stopped by a couple more waterfalls on our way home .
on my way into work , i was listening to a podcast by michael hyatt . those of you who know me know that i am an avid fan of mikewordswordswordss and am constantly sharing the leadership advice and common sense from his blog . mike was speaking on 10 practical ways to boost your energy . (yes , iwordswordswordsm behind in my listening because this is podcast #2 and hewordswordswordss already up to podcast #10!) numbers one through five cover physical aspects such as sleep , diet and exercise . six talks about feeding your brain through reading . (is your brain starting to feel full about now ? ha!) then we get to seven and eight . seven and eight along with the verse for today was god saying wordswordswordshere you go!wordswordswords and handing me a pretty wrapped package tied with a bow . seven is wordswordswordskeep a positive attitudewordswordswords and eight is wordswordswordswatch your mouthwordswordswordswordswordswordsbingo ! mike even goes so far to say that , wordswordswordseven in difficult circumstances , you can choose to have a good attitude.wordswordswords and that what comes out of our mouth shapes the way we perceive reality and becomes our exact experience . wow . someone just snapped the band on my wrist !
helen sits down , and the class ends about a minute after that . short lecture . as helen makes her way down to the professor , it's revealed that they happen to be married . wow , it gives new meaning to " easy a" ! helen gets jealous over a female student with what may actually be the world's most perfect butt , which is crazy , because helen is virginia madsen , no slouch herself in the looks department .
libya was also overthrown this very same day . many people argue this was strictly a negative wordswordswords an attempt by the cabal to stop africawordswordswordss new financial system before it started .
~cheryl dolby~
over the next two months , my goal is to be organized in my karate training . i started a personal karate training log . i considered using this blog as a place to record my training . i decided against it because the post format would be cumbersome to scroll through . i decided to create a spreadsheet . i set up a separate worksheet for karate and kobudo . the far left column lists the name of the form - 19 open hand kata and 27 kobudo kata (8 different weapons) . the rows across the top are separated by week .
when i started writing , older writers would often say things like , " the publishing world has changed ! it's not like it was when i was starting . " i'd wonder what publishing was like for them ; they painted utopian pictures of editors who spent lots of time nurturing writers who showed promise but didn't have professional polish . they described bookstores giving " fringe " authors a chance , and not giving up on authors whose first books didn't sell well . they described publishing as a kind , gentle world where promotion was left up to the publishers and writers had nothing to do but work on their craft .
bobby (my husband) and i started laughing . jay said " what ? what's so funny ? "
the telectroscope will remain installed through june 15 , and participation is free .
but you're going , you're going home .
i get to the register tell the lady im exchanging dress a for dress b but i have no receipt because dress a was a gift . the lady lets me know that express no longer does instore credits so that i would need to spend the $30 now or i would lose it . she clearly gives me the option to just take the dress and lose $30 . of course i dont want to do that , so i leave the register and go look for something that will get me close to the amount because i really didnt want to spend any money . i was absolutely okay with my new purchase being less than the old and not receiving a refund .
please rest assured that cathy will be sprung from the clink shortly , a sadder but wiser girl .
i bought 3 pairs of shoes recently (on sale wordswordswords so donwordswordswordst judge me) and guess what that meant for me wordswordswords i needed to at least get rid of one pair already in my closet . itwordswordswordss probably going to be the wedges that need to go to the shoe doctor honestly , but either way wordswordswords somethingwordswordswordss gotta go . and yet , at the same time , if i see a pair of shoes that i have to have , like what happened in paris , i canwordswordswordst think about what shoes iwordswordswordsm going to have to give up to have those in my closet while iwordswordswordsm buying them . theywordswordswordsre supposed to make you feel good . youwordswordswordsre supposed to be happy while youwordswordswordsre spending your hard earned money on them . so yes , keep it organized , but donwordswordswordst ever make it feel like a chore . thatwordswordswordss just so so wrong on every level .
the young knives (uk)
you would think .
so to build a successful network marketing organisation fast you should go first and foremost to highly effective and duplicable marketing system wordswordswords both online and offline .
secondly , gasoline mowers can run longer on a single tank of gas compared to a single charge of a cordless mower . this shouldnwordswordswordst be an situation if your lawn is typical in size . only users with really significant lawns should stick to making use of gasoline mowers .
particularly notable is a july 11 , 1949 document that refers to the fbiwordswordswordss desire to acquire wordswordswordsworld-wide information on animal diseases and animal population.wordswordswords
2 . instant ghost wolf indoors : only for baddies who have issues getting out of fire ?
in a comment on the article , david kirk writes ,
i'd upload my photos in a timely manner .
peter crowther wordswordswords newsflash
paddy is still on the witness stand wordswordswords actually a dais about a foot off the ground with a desk and a chair wordswordswords and tomorrow is likely to concentrate on the next strand in the narrative wordswordswords that paddy hasnwordswordswordst a bucket to pee in . a lot of the information around paddywordswordswordss wealth is confidential , at least at present and tomorrow will begin with a closed session where it seems the respondents may ask for more openness in terms of paddywordswordswordss finances and the investors he claims to now have .
not enough ? well i have two more for you , dear reader , and both of these will take your breath away . not satisfied with mass murder of the living with bombs and rockets or the musically bent corruption of foreign youth with christless mass media , america has found two new causes in the midst of it over due collapse to poison the world with : state backed infanticide and official homosexuality .
bryan shifted in the chair , wordswordswordsno , i walked over here . i work at the water tower for a consultants firm . i just left and decided to leave my car so i could enjoy a few libations . mind if i tag along with you two in the taxi ? wordswordswords
look to him today . seek his face . dig into his truth . pray for change in your thinking about who he made you to be . and iwordswordswordsll meet you there .
palate : again smooth grain , candied nuts , dry sherry , a less sweet/dryer ron zacapa 23 . pine , gentle oak , fresh roast java . quite smooth and drinkable at 65.5 per cent . water brings out sweet spiced rum of the highest quality .
this type of symbiotic corporate/government structure is prevalent in all industries and walks of like , not just computers . the same conglomerations often own the alternatives to anything you buy . for instance , while we think we are being somehow different or cool by listening to an wordswordswordsalternative musicwordswordswords station , we are just being manipulated by some very clever marketing . you see , the same corporation that owns that wordswordswordsalternativewordswordswords station also owns most of the other stations that your chosen favorite alternative station competes against , as well as the record company that produced it . it even puts down on-air those other stations it owns because that will make some listeners chose to listen to this particular media corporationswordswordswords other channels or stations . when we hear a song on a mainstream yet wordswordswordsalternativewordswordswords radio station (remember all mainstream media is collectively owned by government , and mainstream is 99% of the media that you can effortlessly receive though the corporate governments f.c.c . airwaves) , we are told who sings it , and then we go buy the album at one of the many conglomerate department stores or seemingly local chain stores (with corporately owned central hubs) , all the while thinking we are being somehow unique from the rest of the crowd . this is marketing . and you and i are continuously falling victim to it and the distraction it causes . the media keeps us wordswordswordsmasterfully entertainedwordswordswords , as walter likes to say .
yes , that's it . change it back !
red food colouring (i find the gel sort is the best)
3 . when it comes to water fun in the summer do you prefer the beach , pool , lake or sprinkler ? i'm not a fan of public pools , house pools are too much upkeep . sprinklers don't wet you enough . most lakes have too much " crap " in them (particulates , living things , etc) but you could make the same argument for beaches . however , if you've had the particular luck of vacationing in the caribbean you know that some of the most beautiful beaches are found here , particularly around the grand caymans . i would take those pristine white beaches and crystal clear waters over any pool , lake or sprinkler any day of the week .
so i went to beloved and asked him to re-build my old laptop with windows so i could use it at the festival . he has decided that an open source system called bsd would be better for me because no-one else knows how it works .
sit . sat . still sitting .
they were hugely excited when i told them i would turn the work they did into a movie . later in the afternoon we again used my iphone to take photos of their pictures and import them into imovie .
but young people i meet , in general . i know that they do not see me as a potentially cool person who might be fun to get to know . no way . they see me as a potentially one-foot-in-the-nursing-home person who might be fun to tune out .
my favorite tv show is . ..dino squad and dinosaur train .
angry and bitter and peeved for hours afterward . not a whole lot of
and if you don't like the ones floating around the auction houses , you can also commission him to do your own cover . i'd have ' don't become an author ' on mine .
then , we went to the zoo .
as debt peaks , cull talks of asset sales
some frat was hosting their annual wordswordswordsletwordswordswordss get together when a new semester starts and get wastedwordswordswords party . it was the beginning of jaw-dropping parties for the year and leigh kind of had to go . arianna was dating one of the guys hosting it and by default leigh was dragged along , figuratively screaming all the way . looking back at the apartment , maybe she shouldnwordswordswordst have worn that kind of low cut top , or even those really tight skinny jeans that she swore left bruises after she took them off .
placer county sheriffs arrested travis lloyd kevie on charges of burglary and selling alcohol without a license . he had been serving about 30 customers a day the sheriffwordswordswordss department said .
terry pratchett , he of discworld fame , prolific writer , creative soul , persistent advocate for orangutans , announced that he was giving a million dollars , or five hundred thousand pounds to the alzheimers research trust . he recently announced he had been diagnosed with alzheimers disease , and had been stunned to find out how little official funding is given to this illness , compared with , say , cancer , or heart disease .
i cannot see what i will become ; i have to trust the potter for the end result .
wordswordswordssee , a fundamental change happened to the super mario formula when 64 came out . consider every 2d masterpiece from smb to yoshiwordswordswordss island . even though they were short games they each had a sort of cohesion in that their respective worlds had a feeling of continuity , that all of these paths and buildings in a game existed in their respective wordswordswordsmushroom kingdomwordswordswords .
under the proposed rules , a person is not eligible for long term care coverage of the personwordswordswordss equity in homestead property exceeds $500,000 . the federal law allows equity of up to $750,000 .

the last paragraph of the paper is equally disappointing , raising a question that should be so obvious to any philosopher as to not even need asking . iwordswordswordsll just quote the last three sentences :
carter is for my money , the greatest walking bassist in the history of jazz . big words , i know - and describing somebody in music as being ' the best ' is a risky proposition , since it is ultimately unprovable , and probably undesirable as well - music is after all , not a competitive sport . maybe it would be more appropriate for me to say that as a walking bassist , nobody satisfies me on so many levels as carter . others have had an extraordinarily powerful beat (ray brown , leroy vinnegar) , and some have a relentlessly creative mind when it comes to note-choices for bass lines (scott lafaro , eddie gomez) , but none of combined these two elements in the way that carter has .
i then got onto the penguin graduate programme . it was an eighteen month programme where i got to work in lots of different parts of the business wordswordswords marketing , publicity , sales , a stint in the penguin us office as well as children and adult editorial . because i got to work in so many different parts of the business i was absolutely sure that i wanted to work in childrenwordswordswordss editorial at the end of the programme .
i can only dream .
i called my grandmother to find out where else they may have hid the guts . after she gave me some pointers on how to get that turkey more thawed out i was able to find the frozen solid packet of giblets stuck up inside of that bird .
5) massive riots
empaths are another group of gifted people who share close connections with those who are psychic in that they often experience the emotions of others . that is the key different between someone feeling empathy with someone and someone having sympathy for them . understanding the suffering of another is not the same as experiencing their suffering with them .
where : 6th avenue triangle at st . marks place and flatbush avenue !
these are just some of the issues iwordswordswordsve learned about as i studied , researched , and interacted with members of our refugee community and those who work with them .
wordswordswordsawesome idea,wordswordswords
whiskers : with rust cut 6 strands of yarn 5 inches in length . using 1 strand , double in half and knot through one st in 1st row on edge of mouth , * skip 2 rows and knot another strand in same manner , repeat from * once . knot 3 more strands in same manner on opposite side of mouth .
in this post i am sharing with you a meal that can be prepared during this saaka vratha period . . . .
not ready for christmas ? don't worry , it's not holiday specific (though it does kinda lean towards girlier gifts) , what can i say- you're at seven sisters , not buncha brothers ! :) i really tried to think of things that the gift giver would definitely use , love and enjoy . things that you just can't have too much of . ..really nice colorful cloth dinner napkins are one of my secret loves as well as pretty stationary .
however the discussion is far from over . having assembled this set of arguments i now need to apply them to the various wordswordswordsabsent qualiawordswordswords arguments that have been the backbone of the critique of functionalism and the emergence of consciousness as a problem for cognitive science over the past thirty years .
wordswordswordsthere will always be a place for you in my heart , sweetheart , but not
we followed our cones with a stop at the library next door , where we stocked up on dora books . then we came home and played in the garden for almost an hour before her daddy arrived to pick her up . we now have a ritual . . . we come in , put on our " garden clothes " and our garden shoes , put on our sunscreen , put on our sunglasses , and then out we go . syd spent an hour watering her flowers and moving " soy-il " from one bucket into another .
i was too deeply engrossed in jane austin's classic , that i failed to notice the lights glimmering through my window , and the loud noise coming from our neighbors ' backyard . i paused for a second , thinking maybe it's another birthday party , then i remembered . . it's new year's eve! ! !
but were happy and cared
(2) rama was working with very tough colors , yet she still managed to execute the table in a sophisticated way (in particular , blues are not easy to execute with desserts)
dw : holy crap !
travelers can use them to find local information and directions wherever they are .
to proceeding with a residential development . this is hardly a basis for the state to
and even if you don't live nearby , if you should happen to visit the area on one of these days , come join us for a fun day of beading and camaraderie . about half the time is devoted to the program , though you're welcome to bring and work on your own project as well . the women are all so talented , fun and welcoming its become one of the highlights of my month . oh , and lunch is potluck . (and someone , i'm not sure whom , brings the best deviled eggs . yum!)
in moments when i find myself not cherishing the time we have together i'm learning to say a little prayer , not only asking for help from god but thanking him for my son and the blessing he is to me . it doesn't give me more energy , but i have found it can give me courage to face the day , remembering the blessing the my little boy is , even in the moments when i'm wondering what zoo he escaped from ;)
alright , that's all i can think of . wonder around your local sewing store and investigate . you'll find cool embellishments you can use and maybe some products you didn't know were available . (grommets and hooks & eyes come on tapes!)
i suggested he look into google + .
plastic spatula
women who pay their own rent
jsbwordswordswordsthe different witnesses that you talked towordswordswordsare there any common threads in the reports ?
i'm not at all ready for winter and am quite enjoying the warmer october weather we've had this week . however , i did finally get my kandrew winter wishes stamps recently . they had a little adventure . short story even shorter , they spent some time in the ditch across the street from my mailbox . the mailman thinks that the door was blown open and they flew out and spend some rainy cold days in the ditch . luckily the field had already been harvested and the stamps were well packaged . they were completely undamaged and in perfect condition .
4 tb mirin
social networking ups the ante
though the book is small in size it is huge in regards to the content , (the important message) that it communicates and that is how we as the people of god need to be and can be wordswordswordsunleashed for the purpose of godwordswordswords in our lives . and that is what god wants to dowordswordswordshe wants us to be set free or unleashed in the world so we can fulfill his purpose for our lives thus advancing the cause of his kingdom in our world that souls be saved , saints edified and good be done unto all people , especially those of the household of faith .
here is a list of cuts you need to create this card :
the first thing to wonder about is the charge . not abduction or rape , but wordswordswordssexual impositionwordswordswords . what exactly does that mean ? the manager of the safari camp thought it meant having sex with someone in an unusual position , but his intuitions in such matters are not to be trusted . if it refers to the cajoling and posturing that occurs prior to sexual activity , i donwordswordswordst see why itwordswordswordss a crime at all . such behaviour is surely an integral part of courtship for humans , as it is for gorillas . my females and i are constantly at it wordswordswords i impose myself on them , they impose themselves on me , and whoever seizes the high ground dictates the terms of surrender . without this preliminary sparring , mating would be a namby-pamby affair lacking vigour or excitement .
what else might the news presenter have been implying by her comment that there was a wordswordswordspride issue for the soldierswordswordswords ? there is a small chance that she was implying that having a mental breakdown is shameful . this is unlikely since today a fundamental shift in attitude is gradually taking place , and people are realizing that everyone is vulnerable to mental health challenges owing to the condition of being humanly fallible , and that people can and do recover .
first time i've flown to sofla .
christmas at cadillac jack's . . . tbn . . . 12 pm
what , then , is the basis of all this ? what has the united states actually been doing in the middle east in the recent past ?
for people overseas , you can order from me .
july 2000
i had " met " last march
the bbc are saying that lord pearson has recorded an interview to be shown over the weekend for bbc's hardtalk programme with brillo , and have revealled that ukip will not be standing against conservatives philip davies , doug carswell & phillip hollobone and " at least " one unnammed labour mp who are all well know eu sceptic mp's .
now , if we look at the current commodities boom , there are already eight commodities whose price rise had reached 500 percent or more by the end of june : heating oil (1,313 percent) , nickel (1,273 percent) , crude oil (1,205 percent) , lead (870 percent) , copper (606 percent) , zinc (616 percent) , tin (510 percent) , and wheat (500 percent) .
you want some more background history ? weeell , about ten years ago , yra :
it just goes to show , whether you use a professional camera , a pocket camera , or your iphone , you can get great shots if you apply good photography principles : pre-focus , good composition , anticipate , steady hands during shutter releasewordswordswords.and get out there and shoot !
to northerners , a yankee is an easterner .
14and death and hell were cast into the lake of fire . this is the second death .
we've all seen it on television , but until you witness this place with your own eyes and get under the ribs of that incredible vaulted ceiling , you cannot fathom the beauty of westminster abbey .
first , get yourself a beer . i bought a 6-pack of asahis just for this occasion and drinking asian beer while preparing these sandwiches made it even more fun .
-goodbye pile !
iwordswordswordsve begun experimenting with a new format for storing this information . so far , iwordswordswordsm limited by php only having an xslt 1.0 parser . i havenwordswordswordst looked at php in a while , so this may have changed , or change with the next version .
i did this little ink and watercolor sketch of where i work . it's santa fe dry goods on the plaza in santa fe , new mexico . i am grateful for it for many reasons . here are five of them :
how wonderful.wordswordswords wordswordswords calvin tan
oh wait . . . it worked that time . i'm a genious !
" yes, " replied their father , his tone resolute . he straightened his back and held out his arms . " just stay with me . sam , put that arrow away . "
as your touch reaches beyond ,
lest we forget .
but such concerns were already being addressed . a volunteer team of doctors descended on the camp last week to give flu shots and prevent other infections from spreading and protesters had set up their own internal monitoring systems to prevent sexual assault and other violence .
what should the standard be ? what is a healthy length for a dating relationship ? is dating for over , say , 5 years , a bad idea ? what factor does a couplewordswordswordss age range play into this ?
stay focused . . . . . .
guthrie : will you drop out when you lose wisconsin ?
speaking of colorwordswordswordson your song wordswordswordsdeer ree shee,wordswordswords is that a tambura you used for the drone ?
iwordswordswordsm working on another blog . hopefully i will launch it tomorrow and come here and tell you all about it . iwordswordswordsm very excited about it . hoped to launch today , butwordswordswords
unfortunately , wishes always take wordswordswordswerewordswordswordss . when making a statement that is not factual , the verb is in the subjunctive mood , and the subjuctive of verb wordswordswordsto bewordswordswords is wordswordswordswerewordswordswords in the past tense , regardless of what the subject is .
after the kids left , they took the sunny weather with them , and a couple of weeks of non-stop rain and business crises seem to have obliterated much of the rest of january and forced a dramatic transition out of festive season decadence !
so , here is why plan bee swarm catchers group was createdwordswordswords remember my comment about problems = opportunities ? here are some opportunities in disguise that we are looking forward to :
the many trials that seem to never end , his word declares this truth ,
sometimes , i donwordswordswordst live up to my potential . i fall down , as the imperfect being that i am . i stumble and give way to the instinctual wordswordswordsflight or fightwordswordswords responses that every living , sentient species has within them . i can be angry , and depressed , and occasionally petty or small-minded .
but the point has been made . consistently , we turn our faces away from experience , from tried and tested systems that have a track record of working , to embrace something with a poor record of success . we then pursue it well beyond the point where it has become a demonstrable failure . . . and express surprise that it does not work .
several places within the uk they can be spotted are in london near liverpool street/brick lane/soho & manchesterwordswordswordss northern quarter and universities .
with me now being in my mid 20's and having my own family- now more than ever do i realise how important friends are and the roles they play in my life but as well as my children . one thing i love about being a mum is the relationships you make with others from school and preschool drop offs , meetings at supermarkets and cafe's , coffee groups etc . being relational i think it what women do best .
a few years back , i went to see schindlerwordswordswordss tree in yad vashem . i have always thought that he was definitely a hero of the shoah wordswordswords but with a few caveats , of course . having read kasztnerwordswordswordss train , however , i now fail to understand what the real difference is between he and schindler wordswordswords why one has been honoured , and has been laid to rest in jerusalem , and why the other was assassinated by members of the same country .
or " tidal wave " by the sugarcubes
people fight over who gets grandmawordswordswordss teapot and my action figures will
i'm feeling a bit down today . my vacation is over and even though i still feel refreshed , there's just something about coming back home that puts things into perspective . i promised myself 2011 would be an awesome year , and that's what i intend to have happen ! for starters , regardless if you're feeling down sometimes , treating others with kindness is the best way to get some lovin ' back in return . . .
to his personal use another sum
what is being done with all those shark fins ? they usually end up in soup . shark fin soup is a famous chinese soup , with a history extending back centuries to at least the ming dynasty , if not older . originally , it was a rarity , prized by emperors and the very wealthy because it was very expensive and required extensive preparation . though it has expanded beyond that elite , it generally still is seen as a luxury item , a requisite for special occasions such as weddings and grand banquets . it is considered a symbol of wealth , honor , prestige and power . interestingly , shark fins are basically tasteless and they are embraced more for their texture .
wordswordswordsgod himself was once as we are now , and is an exalted manwordswordswords . i say , if you were to see him today , you would see him like a man in a formwordswordswordslike yourselves in all the person , image , and very form as a manwordswordswords (.teachings of the prophet joseph smith , 1973 ed . , p . 345) . wordswordswordsthe father has a body of flesh and bones as tangible as manwordswordswordss ; the son alsowordswordswords (d&c 130:22) .
one particular table stayed in one very small community , passed on and around between generations . until , well , the story of the table had all but been forgotten . someone had put a heavy varnish on the once breathing wood , and that was that - the line of family who had cared for it all but died out . so , the last person remembering the tale gave the table to someone outside of the community . they hoped that the desperate act would keep the table's story going for another few centuries .
sports engineering is a growing field within engineering with applications now reaching many high profile sports , especially those in the olympics . this lecture aims to quantify the difference that engineering can make and has made in various olympic sports , including cycling , swimming and tennis . the engineering technologies used in these sports and others will be analysed in terms of actual performance of athletes and also how this translates into winning medals , rule changes , improving safety and the performance of equipment .
mallory fidgeted with her hair , separating the blonde streaks from the auburn while smiling at the waitress who approached the table . he eyed the waitresswordswordswords right arm sleeve of tattoos
miss yoga herself strutted into the room and set her towel and water down and started hooking up her ipod . then , she found us- the three newbies . first , we intrude on yoga , now we are semi-stalking her in cycle (i canwordswordswordst wait until we are on a first name basis) .
chelsea enright never expected to inherit her grandmother's lakeside cottage deep in the adirondackswordswordswordsa serene getaway that had been mysteriously closed up decades ago . this is no simple bequest , however , because when chelsea finds her grandmother's wwii diaries , she's stunned to discover that they hold secrets she never suspected . . . and they have the power to turn her own life upside down .
unfortunately , this agenda is nothing new .
my husband was the first & i think will be the last . he has done such lasting damage that i don't think i will ever be able to trust anyone ever again .

the hobbit is being filmed at a higher frame rate of 48 fps (frames per second) , compared to the standard 24 , and this has caused quite a stir . wewordswordswordsve been promised a smoother , more lifelike cinematic vision , perhaps an image better compared to hd movie.the latest footage may have demonstrated the oscar-winning directorwordswordswordss ambitious vision , but we may have to wait until the finished product is released before the sceptics can be won over .
what are you trying to infer ?
hello there skeptics , freethinkers , critical thinkers and atheists ,
final note : a great place to spend an hour enjoying beer and new knowledge . if you have the time and a car , this is a great place to go .

his life (positive or negative) and remarking , " this is good! "
i turned to the only place i could . to some online acquaintances that tim and i had known from our early spiritual/shamanistic/dream-time healing experiences . i didn't stay with them long , either , because some of their methods were those that were forceful and uninvited by myself . . . but there was this one guy , named jack .
la croisade des enfants : wordswordswordsthe goliardwordswordswordss narrativewordswordswords , wordswordswordsthe leperwordswordswordss narrativewordswordswords , wordswordswordsthe narrative of pope innocent iiiwordswordswords , wordswordswordsnarrative of three little childrenwordswordswords , wordswordswordsnarrative of franwordswordsois longuejoue , clerkwordswordswords , wordswordswordsthe kalandarwordswordswordss narrativewordswordswords , wordswordswordslittle allyswordswordswords narrativewordswordswords , wordswordswordsthe narrative of pope gregory ixwordswordswords .
otherwise , part three is the most enjoyable of the three action movie sequels to the original psychological thriller . at one poit , it hel the guiness book of world records title for the most violent film ever , with 236 separate acts of violence ad 110 people killed onscreen . the title has since been handed off--to rambo , the fourth and final film in the franchise .
it was odd in the end that the fear was overcome with excitement , at least for me with the tiger . itwordswordswordss almost like after we had locked eyes he looked away deciding something . iwordswordswordsd like to think that i had established alpha male or he understood i was no longer a slave to fear but becoming a wild eyed predator of life too ! of course in reality it was likely just bored by all the people for so long over the night and just wanted a cat nap !
review , draft , negotiate and advise on contracts and commitments , including : purchase and distribution contracts ; leases ; finance/security agreements ; shareholder , partnership and/or other alliance agreements ; software and other intellectual property licensing agreements
so , the moral of my story of athens is the same thing my mom told me since i was a kid- donwordswordswordst judge a book by its cover . there were so many more things to see in athens that i hope to get to do someday , but iwordswordswordsm really glad athens showed me how unique and awesome it is .
nine west wedges
a 5 pack of hair feathers costs as low as $19.99 which is fantastic since you can reuse them ! there is also free shipping to us and canada !
i say things wrong a lot don't i ?
in resident alien , a stranded alien seeks refuge in the small town of patience , usa , where he hides undercover as a semi-retired doctor , masking his appearance using his unique mental abilities . now known as dr . harry vanderspeigle , all the alien wants is to be left alone until hewordswordswordss rescued .
first up , i think a chambray shirt is the easiest option to wear with any pattern . the washed out color won't compete with the floral and this top will work with numerous other options in the wardrobe .
the late 1990's were a politicised time in general in the uk , we saw the birth of new labour the first change of government in 18 years , the first time in 23 years a centre left government was elected in the uk , and with a huge majority at that . further more there was an increased interest in reforming the uk and the labour government was elected on that platform .
step 5 : drawing on the yellow circle
wordswordswordsnot if i can help it so what'tya say , can you be brave for just a few more minutes ? wordswordswords
with almost any disease early detection and treatment leads to more lives saved and less deadly consequences . african american woman are more likely to die from breast cancer than our caucasian counterparts and detection is at the core . african american women have a five year survival rate of 77% after diagnosis as compared to 90% for white women . why ? with african americans breast cancer is detected at later stages , when the success rate of treatment drops . in addition african american women under the age of 40 have more aggressive and deadly tumors , need earlier and more frequent breast cancer screenings , and aggressive medical treatment to increase their survival advantages .
1/3 c olive oil
42 all
and it was really hard to pick what was good to post
teased , let's say , by heaven's stark
i hope you've enjoyed this collection of pics and hopefully it wont be so long till i blog again !
in those days this tramp in his attic lay dreaming ,
nymph is similar to katie , but less pastel and a bit brighter , and maybe a hair darker . it's a good alternative to katie for darker girls who might find that katie could look ashy on them .
my wife has a friendship ring that come straight from a heart of prayer and straight from heaven as a gift from god . i have a home that technically i should never have received . i have a job that is all me . are these things markers ?
we walked back to the car , in that way peculiar to kids which combines an amble and an eddy . she wrote her name in the dirt with the rock . i contemplated the beauty of my legacy , and the shell in her dainty hand . the sun , the river , my lovely daughter enchanted me . in a nacreous whorl the size of a cherry , i saw my place in this universe : to breathe , to be content , to know love .
as if this earth in fast thick pants were breathing ,
i love how cassie is always throwing little bits out to us with teasers , trailers , etc . as we eagerly await her next mortal instruments book .
another one that has crept up in the last 2-3 years is where i can be , physically and literally exist and take up jaime-shaped space , based on the weather . if itwordswordswordss a day iwordswordswordsm working from home and itwordswordswordss sunny , i cannot be in my house . i pace around hugging the cat and feeling wordswordswordsoffwordswordswords and unproductive even if iwordswordswordsm getting work done .
in a blender jar add the coffee ice cream , milk and sugar . whip till well mixed . pour it to a tall glass and top it with whipped cream and some chocolate arts , serve immediately .
who sat on top of the mirror looking down at himself
though i wanted to cry , i didn't . this teacher had broken me of crying on the first day of school , when she threatened me - a child who had just walked in the door and had not previously been away from my mother longer than an hour - by saying she would send me to the principal's office if i didn't stop crying , and that i would be in big trouble . i had learned that school was a scary , unsafe and mean place , and i learned that crying was only an annoying weakness in my teacher's eyes . so i rarely cried in kindergarten , even though i frequently had reason to .
soul of one , crying for her father .
moxie fab world has a pretty fun challenge called spectacular spectacles . i drew out some old style glasses and for the lenses filled one side with plain acetate and the other i used the cracked glass technique over another piece of acetate . since i had the broken lenses situation , i knew i wanted to make the card into some sort of encouragement card (for gallery idol) . ..things will be better soon , you've got to just get past the bad bout first . . . my husband helped with the sentiments-he's good like that sometimes , and was close by to make sure i executed them in the way he had imagined .
wordswordswordsbut we have not drawn any conclusion . we are still awaiting the pathology report before wrapping up the case,wordswordswordswordswordswords he said .
the next day at school , i was covered with rashes from poison ivy and cuts from thorns and i had a fresh wound in my heart .
boy oh boy . . . the holidays have never been as tough for me as this year is . down almost 100 pounds now , it's soooo easy to say things like . . . " oh , it's just this one bite " or " it's christmas , i can nibble on this or that "

mp : when you were talking about cold shot to the heart , you said you were looking forward to writing a straight-up crime novel . is there another genre or sub-genre youwordswordswordsre looking forward to tackling ?
i thought the book was very interesting , although i donwordswordswordst think many people would want to read this . if you are at all interested in the medical field , you would probably like it .
120g insalted butter
manas , a co-presenter of sabc2's morning live show , was sitting with her best friend at olivia's confectionary & coffee shop when the robbers struck . her friend , whose name manas did not want to reveal , was wounded during the robbery .
realize that slavery is the new freedom . when you die to your selfish desires , you become slaves of god , which frees you from sin so you can live life full of blessings . understand that the way to truly experience freedom isnwordswordswordst by gratifying every appetite you have , but by gaining power over your appetites so they donwordswordswordst enslave you wordswordswords which you can only do when youwordswordswordsre a slave of god , who wants whatwordswordswordss really best for you . remaining enslaved to your own desires will eventually destroy you . but when you become a slave of god (the only master you were ever meant to serve) by practicing submission to his will , unconditional obedience , and self-denial , god sets you free from sin , sanctifies you so you can grow spiritually , and gives you eternal life .
duke university researchers used molecules called micrornas to convert scar tissue (called fibroblasts) into heart muscle cells in a living mouse , improving the heartwordswordswordss ability to pump blood .
once we started the ball rolling with lawyer , dustin and i assumed roles for the battle whether we wanted them or not . the fact that bear was within my blood family and the fact that dustin and i were not married meant it was my name on papers vs bio mom . lawyer thought it best to keep things simple .
i've also been busy stalking partners in two swaps , mouthy stitches and the name game . that has been taking up a lot of my time this week .
goal ! bolton 1-1 spurs (reo-coker 51wordswordswords) kevin davies flicked on a long throw-in , ngog backheeled the ball slyly to reo-coker , who smashed the ball into the net from eight yards ! that could prove curcial in boltonwordswordswordss relegation fight and , of course , very significant in the champions league race . less good for newcastle , however , is the news that tiotwordswords has finally been carried off on a stretcher wordswordswords after an eight-mintue stoppage wordswordswords ryan taylor has been put on in midfield .
maybe iwordswordswordsm alone on this one , but i always learned more from losing than i did from winning . i came away from failures stronger than i came away from successes . one of the joys in life is knowing that you have to work hard to get ahead . however , in this world , even if you fail , you stand a good chance of still being rewarded , especially if youwordswordswordsre already very well off .
and donwordswordswordst forget if you intend on fighting such charges , you might not be able to rely on evidence of your own . in the state of illinois , videotaping the police , under current law , brings criminals charges . donwordswordswordst fret . itwordswordswordss not like the country will really try to enforce it wordswordswords right ?
kanika sculpts with clay , and mary prefers to work with watercolors . but they share the goal of creating art inspired by the cultures of a continent they have never seen but are connected to by blood .
ivwordswordsn meade - what is your next design venture ?
i have let go of the notion that i can still " guide " my daughters ;
that doesn't mean she'll never hear any of it , or find a way to listen to it , or end up downloading it herself at some point , unless you lock her in the basement where there's no internet reception .
here comes the part you will not like . ..i'm not ready to give up my crust recipe . i'm sorry but i love it and i'm not ready for the whole world to make my pies .
wordswordswordsvickie , they are just trying to get you to buy their shampoo . there is nothing wrong with the head and shoulders that we all use.wordswordswords
other - border punch (martha stewart) , cricut art philosophy , spellbinders small ovals , spellbinders labels 10 , 3d foam tape
lawyers representing hines , of upper gornal , yesterday unsuccessfully attempted to persuade three appeal judges that the sentence was too long .
check the post below to see the random.org top 3 !
2 . add the semolina while stirring . mix well until all the semolina is mixed into the liquid . (it will look lumpy)
direct . xiii . if you are married to one that is an ungodly person , yet keep up all the love which is due for the relationwordswordswordss sake.(37)
he stepped back from her , unwilling to engage .
you see satan doesnwordswordswordst care if you miss heaven by an inchwordswordswords.or by a mile . just as long as you miss out on being shepherded into the flock of christ . i had never thought of the wolf in that way before today . there are a lot of first thoughts for me today . but of all my thoughts i am very glad that the one to remain true and fast in my mind is that jesus christ is the good shepherd . he knows my name , and i know his voice
bottle label : " bringing heavenly nectar to earth "
then it was off to savers . carol got a few things , and i got a new brown nike zipper hoodie (emergency sweatshirt - it was cold today!) and some teal sparklie shoes and some steve madden slippers . good savers day ! i used my 30% off coupon , too !
and mold me as my maker
i'm excited to hear that mr . logan is reaching out to athletes in this manner . this will be a good first step in addressing the needs of the athletes , who are truly the life blood of the sport . i look forward to hearing the outcome of this meeting .
so come on wordswordswords surely iwordswordswordsm due these powers now . i mean wordswordswords i have another one of these parties coming up . there was one huge highlight friday night though . my lovely husband had ordered a cake for me and at one stage the lights were dimmed & in it came . and look here it is:-
teller number two : no , por nada .
de blasio has been raising his profile in the borough this year . he made the work of architect robert scarano an issue in the context of the 360 smith street development , calling on the state to strip mr . scarano of his certification and has organized " town hall " meetings in carroll gardens . he has also sponsored an electronics recycling measure that would be a model nationally . mr . de blasio has held a series of meetings with brooklyn bloggers and online journalists to discuss his position on issues .
hmmm . ..letting some personal thoughts spill out today because i need a little self therapy .
i explained that the rabbits ' droppings in their bedding didn't exactly come under the heading of smelly faeces . (though technically they were faeces) . i asked if they would go and check if there were new rules that said they wouldn't take rabbit's bedding/droppings anymore . they came back and told me that no , rabbits ' droppings and bedding were considered alright for recycling and that perhaps the collectors thought i'd put in cat faeces .
fast forward 2 years and we are about as relevant as relevant and fresh as margaret thatcher . i canwordswordswordst speak for the other two dimwits who write this blog with me , but personally the biggest challenge has been avoiding the general rhetoric that one sees in oped pages in our newspapers . everyone has an opinion and thinks that they are right , without quantifying it with research . in an ideal world , i would like to write on things with a solid base of research , but having a job tends to get in the way of that (not to mention i don't write for a newspaper!)
and in time i trust some will learn , all will benefit . wordswordswords loyarburok.com
wordswordswordshe had his ticket book in one hand as he walked up to the window,wordswordswords says carey , wordswordswordsbut he had the other hand on his gun.wordswordswords
auckland 64.1% to 63.7% (713,400 to 709,300)
what is ' spirited' , you ask ?
sometimes it gets like this and you wonder if the ferret can take it . but the yellow bits are turning blue , ethel , so what will become of the elastic ? we had such dreams for it . we thought that one day , one day . . . , perhaps not for a long time . . . . but , one day the world would recognise the power of our pork pies .
itwordswordswordss monday folks , the week wide open for more bobol and scandal .
this time it is savills which is the agent for the sale and the examiner reports wordswordswordssavills described the bidding as competitive and recommended the sale as the best price possiblewordswordswords
1/2c . cream
and a setpiece doesnwordswordswordst have to cost millions or tens of millions of dollars , either , although as authors , we have the incredible advantage of an unlimited production budget . did you authors all get that ? we have an unlimited production budget . whatever settings , crowds , mechanical devices , alien attacks or natural disasters we choose to depict , our only budget constraint is in our imaginations . the most powerful directors in hollywood would kill for a fraction of our power . theoretically , they canwordswordswordst even begin to compete .
ok so now for a morning after edit . . . there is no way that this beer is still 9% after 2 years . with how hazy my recollection of the night before is , i imagine that this beast has got to be 12 plus at least by now . but do i regret it . . . not at all , that better was simply epic .
and before i lose you to the dreams of you own , may i say have a great weekend and happy easter to catherine at a thousand clapping hands who is celebrating the orthodox easter .

collar - 1 3/8 inch circle - trimmed
it about took my breath away .
i had zero rubbing alcohol on hand , but i did have sea breeze . sure enough the first ingredient was alcohol . like a teenager with acne , i overloaded cotton balls with sea breeze and went to work . sigh of relief . it . was . coming . out . thank . you . lord . (serious prayer of thanks i assure you.)
i'm a little perplexed so when i get home i pointed out to him that we do have butter and showed it to him . it slowly dawned on me (when he looked at the butter with a blank look on his face) that he did not know that there was such a thing as real butter and he did not know that butter comes in stick form .
heat 2 t canola oil in skillet on med/high heat . cook 3 minutes then flip and cook 2-3 more minutes .
love , reign o'er me
though the schools rarely compete in any sport , a rivalry exists between the university of georgia in athens and the university of north carolina in chapel hill . both great schools stake claim to being the nationwordswordswordss oldest state chartered public university . the fact remains that way back in 1785 olwordswordswords georgia chartered first . carolina opened her doors early , but the public state college system was invented around the university of georgia .
i have a busy week ahead of me but i do plan to get back to work on the blog . i did have something very good happen to me today . i am extremely proud of it . i received a hand written letter from the governor of montana brian schweiter today thanking me for my hard work at the fish wildlife and parks department helping to conserve our state park system . i was shocked when i got the letter . it had an official seal on it . i have never met the guy and thought it was junk at first but decided to open it out of curiosity . i normally do not go around bragging about my work or works . i am not trying to brag about my work or works at all . god has blessed me and i am extremely happy and proud of what god has given me . this is an honor that god has given me and i have to give him thanks for that .
wow , number 40 already ? ! thanks to all of you who return each week with your inspiration . without you it wouldn't be a party .
the front and rear walls of the living room were demolished . in their places were 2 sets of new full-height timber-framed clear glass pivot panels . this allows good cross ventilation across the length of the house when doors are opened . when closed , it allows the air conditioning unit to work more efficiently as they act as air envelops .
the security guard on the steps in front of the memorial building watches as tears splash down my cheeks . i do not look at his face . he asks me my name . i have nothing to tell him . he asks me who i am waiting for . jack still does not come and the whispers are telling me that he is gone for good .
e- an actor in that class will take 0% of the normal damage when attacked with the selected element .
wordswordswordsfair enough,wordswordswords we answered .
it has been said that it takes a thief to know a thief . if that implies that only those with similar thoughts can be recognized and accepted , then where would you be recognized and accepted ? would you be of the world , or would you be of god ?
i've tried a few of these , using lacey townsend , the world-class sniper heroine in my upcoming romantic suspense novel . however , since i don't actually have the book on sale yet , it's kind of hard to document whether or not my method's working . i do get a lot of click-throughs to the blog to read the free snippet / excerpt that i link from these tweets .
what is the prize this challenge ? the winner gets their choice of 2 digi or one rubber stamps from the previously mentioned image ranges . worth playing for right ?
rocks and roots and decaying residue of the past
5 . sanctify your surroundings (environmental)
the fact that we were dating aside , i wanted to wait on the whole relationship thing . i didn't want a label . i didn't want to start college with a boyfriend .
the aircraft also may be fitted with an optional forward left side fold-down flight attendantwordswordswordss seat . a belted potty seat , certified for full time occupancy , also is available , thus allowing the aircraft to accommodate as many as nine passengers , if necessary .
voyage of the damned
i heart all of this !
what joyce is said to have done is a disgrace wordswordswords anyhow , i hope he never sets foot in westminster again .
in november i planted some new ones on my deck , in a colour that i would only possibly ever consider for tulips - apricot . these are apricot beauty , a single early variety . on grey days , they are at their prettiest .
musing over time
druidry really isnwordswordswordst a fair-weather path , something to do when you wordswordswordsget a minutewordswordswords . itwordswordswordss constant , lived , breathed , investigating your personal connection and relationship with the world around all the time . and letwordswordswordss face it , if anywhere/one needs it , itwordswordswordss the worker , the wordswordswordswage-slavewordswordswords , the office and the streaming multitude of lonely commuters .
wordswordswordswhy did you bring me here ? what is this about ? wordswordswords i demanded .
that is all for this week , happy cooking ! !
sleep habits : i still have frequent 3 a.m . insomnia sessions . it seems like this is my witching hour . i also go to sleep very early these days . if anna cooperates , sometimes iwordswordswordsm in bed by 7:30/8 p.m . itwordswordswordss a little pathetic . maybe if i can force myself to stay awake until at least 10 , i can avoid the witching hour at 3 a.m .
when i was elected 10 years ago (12 years after the council had sold off its housing stock) the view commonly expressed in the council chamber was housing is no longer our concern . iwordswordswordsve helped to change that .
argh ! i jinxed us !
wtf #dafuq
1 . adding a face and voice with video . by replacing a cover letter with a quick video pitch , job seekers can showcase skills and abilities lost in translation in a traditional resume . as bruce hurwitz of hurwitz strategic staffing says , wordswordswordsvideo can increase my confidence in a candidatewordswordswordss ability to successfully interviewwordswordswordsis she professional ? is she articulate ? wordswordswordsor eliminate a candidate from consideration.wordswordswords of course , time is money , and candidates need to give recruiters a reason to keep watching . my advice : personality is great , but donwordswordswordst get too cute . balance is key .
1 tomorrow
1 . what is your idea of the perfect day ?
gift certificates to spend on running chics fitness apparel .
first and foremost , a seller should make sure their home is well-maintained and that it looks well-maintained,wordswordswords he said . wordswordswordsbefore a seller starts making improvements like adding new energy-efficient windows wordswordswords which are nice to have , but not something a buyer would truly care that much about wordswordswords i recommend they make sure the structural integrity of the house is sound .
i have a new friend who on the surface fits me too a tee . we live close , share an interest in art and culture and enjoy experiencing things in our community . this friend is a doer and our outings are mini adventures .
you scream your dreams aloud with every twitch of your flesh
i mentioned last week that my family was in town , and i had the best time catching up with them after work for dinners and wine . one of the first nights they were here stephen and i met them out on the beach for wine and cheese at sunset . this time of year , you are allowed to drive on the beach if you have a pass , which makes it really easy to head out for a little impromptu date instead of trudging through the sand out there .
i'm kind of in love with these milk straws and i have never even tried them . as you sip through the magic straw , it turns your milk into one of 4 flavors : chocolate , strawberry , cookies and cream or vanilla . adam and i happen to love milk . i'm thinking these might make a fun little gift for his upcoming birthday . and i'm even thinking about using these for rilo's first birthday party !
the very essence ,
first stage is feverish anticipation . it starts a few years before you quit work . you begin to identify the symptoms of restlessness , wishing , day-dreaming , sometimes for years before you are quite ready to take the jump , talking and ruminating , and planning , and occupying your leisure hours with factoring how and when and where you can retire .
on to the speechwordswordswordsobama tried to convince americans numerous times that our nation is now on the road to economic recovery . wordswordswordsthe economy is growing again,wordswordswords he said at one point .
accused for this time period is 4.36% if we rely on the cara figures
-rw-rwordswordswordsrwordswordswords 1 root other 440 jan 24 11:47 vfstab.prevm
take me to the harbour
g = d h
the earth provides bounty of flavor packed creatures . use them ! you will be amazed how all these flavors balance each other .
here is one dish that you can fuse this glorious vegetable with tofu .
another manga is karakuri odette and itwordswordswordss about this robot who was built by a genius scientist so she looks exactly like a human and how she goes to school and slowly learns about making friends and having a school life and falling in love . itwordswordswordss cute and touching at some points so read this too !
and above is my attempt at using an instagram-like iphone app for photo editing . didn't work out too well , but i thought i'd share my thanksgiving look with you all . have a great thanksgiving and hopefully i'm not the only one with a 4 day weekend ! !
*** if you don't use part cream of mushroom soup , in addition to doubling the amounts for the white sauce , i'd recommend amping up the flavor by adding a finely chopped onion and some garlic to the butter at the beginning , cooking it until soft and translucent but not brown , before adding the flour and continuing with the regular white sauce recipe .
i donwordswordswordst know if most people see the left as silly nitwits . iwordswordswordsm not even sure fleming sees us as silly nitwits because he also says wewordswordswordsre out-of-touch elitists in the very same article . itwordswordswordss hard to be out-of-touch elitists if everyone is laughing behind our backs . the wordswordswordselitewordswordswords label implies that wewordswordswordsre above everything . being the butt of a secret joke would be at odds with that meme .
albums . i loved david bowie circa ' young americans ' too . "
streusel topping :
the river's flowing strongly till it meets the open sea
remove the tiramisu from the refrigerator about 30 minutes before serving , to bring it to room temperature . this will prevent the ganache from being too firm . sift the cocoa powder directly over the top of the tiramisu .
drinka pj , krause p , schilling m , miller ba , shult pa , gravenstein s . report of an outbreak : nursing home architecture and influenza-a attack rates . j am geriatr soc 1996 ; 44 : 910-913 .
and for the record , the american homebrewers association has said trenton lawmakers have the right idea about scrapping the permit , but the wrong notion about striking homebrewing from the state's books . the aha prefers language declaring homebrewing legal and exempt from taxation be put on the state's books , just forget the permit .
maybe i just know enough , to keep that pain away
1/3 c coarsely*** chopped walnuts , (not finely chopped - see pict . below!!)
i hope you will get a chance to join in the fun and play along , remember to tell us what on your card is over 6 months old .
how much god loves me
marshmallow root tea
i am from sweet , soft voiced childlike renditions of jesus loves me . and knowing in my knower that it was true . and what's more , he loves you too . and if we all accepted that , what a wonderful world it could be .
it's been a long walk since i last wrote in this blog . maybe it takes that long , sometimes , to live enough to have something to say .
in china giving and sharing cigarettes is a customary practice . in a country where over half the adult male population smokes , cigarettes are used as gifts for various special occasions from weddings and business meetings to funerals .
comparable data is only available for wordswordswordstotal average circulation.wordswordswords to compare detailed year-over-year data for digital editions , youwordswordswordsll need to reference each individual newspaperwordswordswordss publisherwordswordswordss statement or use the efas-fax analyzer tool .
thankfully , the coalition government chose not to entertain his proposal .
when the rice is cooked , take it off the flame and leave it covered for a further five minutes .
without soil the earth would be barren rock and we would have never been made .
iwordswordswordsve been researching the rothchildwordswordswordss and this is great , in-depth information . thanks !
a technical exercise : the dream repeating in every night
sinjin is very active little man . he loves all things baseball and sports related . what you may see is a yellow kitchen glove . oh no . it's his baseball glove . you can see it , right ? :) sinjin is preparing to become a big brother soon ! he's a cutie and so polite !
now , for all the nitty gritty details . first of all , as you can imagine , there are going to be a lot of people who want to get in on this sale . itwordswordswordss in your best interesting to get up and get here as early as possible : stores in the mall open at 6am , scottsdale will open at that time also but if you canwordswordswordst for whatever reason make it in that early , then guess what call us by 9pm wednesday night and pre-order everything you want ! ! we will take all your info . down and take care of you friday morning . if you do make it in your friendly sales associates , are going to try as hard as possible to get you in and out of the store as quickly as possible , but sometimes lines might not accommodate . that being said , we will be taking measures to ensure that if you are in the store (or at least in the line for the store) before your sale hour ends , you will get the sale you were waiting for (even if youwordswordswordsre not rung up at the register during that sale) . likewise , we will be equally as strict with those of you who are late . think your sixth grade teacher strict : no exceptions . if you get into line at 7.01 , you will unfortunately be included in the 10% off group , so just remember , better early than late !
1 rapidly
or to summarise , if we could only get our homebuilding industry firmly back in the saddle , not by inflating prices or anything else of the nonsense of recent years , merely by getting it back to its true and righteous business of providing our households with homes then and in addition to the more obvious employment benefits , by increasing deposits , by reviving the ability of many to meet their commitments , they would help to rebalance our banks , increasing deposits , decreasing the uncertainty currently attached to many outstanding loans and , ultimately , though slowly at first , restoring our bankswordswordswords ability to lend and therefore the drive the process forward further .
two-wheeler auto maker tvs motor company has announced the launch of the new apache rtr 2012 series comprising cosmetic changes . the apache rtr series incorporates new beast themed styling .
saint cittinus looked into peredurwordswordswordss eyes . those cracked lips moved . instead of wordswordswordsi thirst,wordswordswords the saint spoke clearly , if softly . wordswordswordswe have no one else to fear,wordswordswords he said , wordswordswordsbut our lord god . who is in heaven.wordswordswords
indo rama synth
however , it was always done a little here , a little there wordswordswords never all at once . this gave the cabal a false hope that they still had a chance , even as their infrastructure crumbled .
we stopped in a village called dunakiliti for a mid-morning coffee . our first stop in hungary and i have to admit that it felt a lttle strange to be somewhere where you had no notion of the language . hungary is not that different from germany and austria , just enough to be a little bit exciting .
as coaches , we often see both sides of this continuum . i myself have worked with many leaders who have become disengaged(often due to working for other leaders who are themselves overloaded on catecholamines due to stress and are thus leading in a reactive way) and are hanging on in an organization fueled only by either loyalty to the mission or fear of not having another job . one brilliant , dedicated leader i have been coaching told me that she simply gave up at one point when her boss made one more uninformed decision and overrode her authority . she stopped caring and said she knew she had lost her edge and literally felt stupid . she felt she wasnwordswordswordst making decisions well and was wondering what value she brought to the organization . quite possibly a case of too few catecholamines .
so simply wanting to check-in here and wish you and yours a year filled with growth , joy , fulfillment and warmth .
sheikh yousuf al-qaradhawi on al-jazeera threatens a boycott on switzerland if wordswordswordswe despair of other measureswordswordswords
defending against litigation independent of whether they are considered to be
06 - nostalgias de un amor (3:25)
i think robyn , my pink stamper , and maria are having fun coming up with creative post assignments for us ! our post challenge this month :
i am on a cabbage kick . i can't get enough of the stuff . so , when dr . food saw this recipe in bruce weinstein and mark scarbrough's book goat : meat , milk , cheese we had to make it . i love these guys a lot . this recipe is genius . shanks with cabbage , port , and vanilla . sooooo good .
the sun was gone , then , leaving us in the dark . i got up and turned on a light . she lay silently with her face pressed into the pillow ; i pulled the sheet back , and the dark pink stripes across her ass showed angrily over the lighter pink field where my hand had landed .

ten months ago this special man introduced himself to me . at the time he was training to become a fireman . he used to write me about what training they were doing and i used to love hearing about it as i could tell from his messages that he had a real passion for what he was doing and proud of what he was about to become wordswordswords a fireman .

but it does tell us more than just how much rim wants apps , lots of apps (and decent ones at that) for the phone .
amber turned down a narrow one-way street . a light on the wall of a building above her blinked on and off . footsteps rang out behind her , echoing along the road . pleasant daydreams about her future life in paris disappeared . she walked faster , her heart beating quicker now as fearful thoughts crowded her mind .
rethinking autism is information about being autistic from the real experts - autistic adults who actually know what it means to " be " autistic . check it out and be sure to read the comments posted by these individuals .
this is a result of 420 .
matilda was basically my childhood hero , and the scene where she first walks into the library and learns that she can have her own card and finally have access to all those books may as well be accompanied by a major rock anthem like wordswordswordswe are the championswordswordswords or wordswordswordswelcome to the junglewordswordswords for how much it pumps me up .
the photo to the right is the ceiling of the first floor . the building had just finished demolition and was very early in the construction process . so most of the ceilings looked like this and similar to the other jobsite it was pretty bare on the inside .
when i first read this book , i was a teenager myself , and not much older than celie is when she finds herself pregnant after years of domestic abuse . celie seems doomed to be the victim of violence for the rest of her life . she was , after all , the wordswordswordsbottom of the foodchainwordswordswords in terms of human rights in the 1930s : she was not only black , but also female . to make matters worse , she was also unattractive and shy . as new characters appear in the story , you start to see how other women cope with the burden of their sex and race . sofia , her stepdaughter , uses her strong personality to stand up to her abusive husband , risking the security of his income to raise her children alone . shug , the beautiful and sinful singer , has rebelled against the notion of god being a white man .
the pub is on a corner and the table was on the pavement alongside the main road . after a half hour of sitting there chatting and watching people walk or drive by we went inside and i did my routine . again i managed to achieve a first by stripping out of my outer clothes in a pub , admittedly without anyone else around , and getting down to my costume which i'd been wearing underneath .
wordswordswordsas chief executive of news international , which owns the now , ms brooks has always endorsed the wordswordswordsrogue reporterwordswordswords defence , which has maintained , since mulcaire and royal reporter clive goodman were sent to prison , that they had been acting of their own accord , unlicensed by their superiors . with the airing of accusations in the new york times and elsewhere , and the drip of new evidence from civil cases brought by celebrities , this has come to look increasingly thin . the removal of the paperwordswordswordss news editor , ian edmondson , last month led cynics to wonder wordswordswordshow many rogues make a conspiracywordswordswords.wordswordswords
wordswordswordsinside jobwordswordswords is a film that is so utterly horrifying , so enraging , so depressing that you canwordswordswordst leave the theater unmoved .
10 . after the gold rush- neil young
the african economy is particularly noted as a developing economy ; it is grossly under-developed . the two words are often inter-changeably used by analysts , public policy commentators and social critics , but all of what they say is that the economy is a dependent one wordswordswords it is anchored on the antics of the west , which must be obeyed , even if unfavourable .
made me think of the scene from the lord of rings when frodo , sam and gollum is climbing up the mountain stairs to mordor and the nine ringlords leave the ancient castle (which had this kind of colour) .
burntwood say they offered a new agreement but negotiations have stalled . however building managers claim that burntwood could raise the rent and price out shop owners .
a recent online survey asked customers if they would pay more for services that were seamless and had a single source of care coordination . about 80% stated yes they would pay more for making it easier . would you ?
are you having as hard a time as i am ? does it wreak havoc with your system , or do you love the change ?
butter and flour a round pan with diameter between 27cm and 30cm . on the bottom of the pan , after the flouring it , put parchment paper as well . it helps unmold the cake more easily . empty the batter to the pan . sink a coin , very well cleaned and wrapped in an aluminum foil , inside the batter and bake for 1 hour to 1 hour and 10 minutes depending on the oven . it is done when you put a knife in the center and it comes out clear .
3) chocolate cupcakes . i haven't done this in a long time , but you can also take a package of chocolate cake mix (devil's food seems to work the best) and mix it with a can of pumpkin (not the seasoned kind . ..just regular canned pumpkin) . i know . ..you're going to think that you should add other ingredients . ..but don't . just combine the dry mix with the canned pumpkin . they'll be thicker than what you're used to , but don't worry . divvy them up in the muffin tins and cook them per the directions on the box . when done , you can store them in the fridge and they taste marvelous cold . when i did this , there was only one point per muffin (again , due to the fiber) . you can't taste the pumpkin at all and the cake is really moist . all of the boyfriends i've had have loved these .
i know this because when i smiled and said " lovely day " to him , the way you do when you get 3.6 hours of sunshine a year , he nodded and agreed .
let's say there's a street fair . it's big . tens of thousands of people are attending . it stretches on for blocks with artists and food and music and people , people , people .
it's important . it's necessary .
thank you for participating this week and i look forward to reading your submission !
flare-up ! moving , again wordswordswords 3 different states
even as i write , i hear the lone " tick-tock "
i adore pears . aren't they just beautiful ? i think so anyway ! green ones , yellow or red ones . i find myself very attracted to designs with pears in them . a lot of these are christmas designs ~ which i cannot resist buying ! but i like them all . do you like pears ? i hope so . . .
even the souls who are paid to do this are still souls and are still behind their surface experiencing ascension , just as every soul on gaiawordswordswordss surface in each and every form that such souls take , currently are .
this is the way how i cook this dish .
joe hill & stephen king wordswordswords throttle
we have so much to be thankful for !
story's pediatrician had told her when we go to magic kingdom we had to go to the bakery on main street and get a blueberry muffin .
just look at how much beauty there is in a piece of drift wood and sea-weed ?
old ladies stopped and had serious whispered conversations with him , ending with kisses .
they walked on for a while in companionable silence , listening to the woods sounds . ralph chased several squirrels , occasionally looking back to make sure rachel had seen his bravery .
and i think we're all very ready to launch into summer !
sarah learns her eyes bear the mark of the indigo child , an evolved human with the ability to feel the emotions of others ; unfortunately , her indigo aura is highly desirable to those who wish to steal her powerful essence .
in 2004 (right) , long island university , polytechnic university , and the public art fund each got $50,000 ; the washington , dc-based american institutes for research , a behavioral and social science research organization , got more than $76,000 .
maria v . snyder
kids like addison , who got her ipad a couple of weeks ago . addison's mom debbie , who writes finding normal , wrote a terrific post about the ipad's arrival already , and she also had this to say of its ' arrival .
again on the town ? "
thru this same ladywordswordswordss reading came the most incredible exercise for her to do . she is very left brain dominant and may demands use of her right brain and to allow the left brain to function as it was designed to .
17keep in mind what amalek did to you on your way from egypt ;
the march-in-march blogathon is a celebration of the life and career of the actor fredric march , hosted by the website sittin ' on a backyard fence . for a complete list of participating blogs , visit the host site .
the pub is 134 years old , so all things considered it is not in bad condition . but as with any new place there are still things to sort out , junk to throw out and new plans to be made . we have had a mass chuck out of old shed junk and of course foodstuffs that were long past their ' best before ' date . . . .(mmmmm see what i mean about the benefits of even tempramental chickens ? )
**disclaimer : these songs have nothing to do with what's going on . i just like ridiculously lame jams , what can i say ! ?
so . ..what about you ? do you have a favorite genre ? one you never thought you would read ? do you like science fiction ?

not that we should judge , of course . the desire both women have to marry well makes them no different from thousands of other females populating the silent screen , and the realms of theatre , literature and legend for centuries before that . those women never said they were marrying for money , but the men they won were always well-off . even cinderella had it both ways , and you couldnwordswordswordst blame her for being pleased about it . pink differs from ermintrude , and all the rest , only in her self-reliance . yes , she wants a manwordswordswordss money , but shewordswordswordsll determine how he gives it to her .
after the concert , we met up with christie , tammy and greg and andi for a beer in the p&l courtyard . we didn't stay too long though . i was starving , so we headed to town topic for some greasy food . i have always wanted to go there , especially after anthony bourdain featured it on no reservations a few weeks back .

2 tsp caster sugar
tv scriptwriter ivor baddiel , who was also on the storywarp panel , added : wordswordswordsin stephen kingwordswordswordss book on writing , he describes exactly that . he thinks stories are like archaeological finds . you unearth them and then you chip away at them until you get them back to their perfect state . and there is something in that . sometimes , when youwordswordswordsre writing , you know that youwordswordswordsve found whatwordswordswordss right . if iwordswordswordsm writing a gag or a line or whatever , iwordswordswordsm scrabbling around for it in my head . and , more recently , iwordswordswordsve learned to listen to my gut feeling more and sometimes it just pops out of the ether . it might not be completely , fully formed but thatwordswordswordss as right as itwordswordswordss going to get , maybe.wordswordswords
working americans are becoming a minority in a country where fifty percent don't pay taxes , but do profit from the taxes of others . where wealth redistribution is the goal , but no matter how much wealth is redistributed , it's never enough for the perpetually dissatisfied and the permanently angry who always have license to take to the streets in pursuit of some ephemeral justice that can only be gained with bullhorns and broken windows .
i'm feeling confident now because i've just tested the heck out of this tension and so in goes the baby quilt and 3/4 of the way down the quilt . . . skip .
thankyou for your comments
jabbing his fist in the air , johnson added , " he was talking about union rights . we must torque on that arc ! we've got to bend it down! "
in the solution of disciplinary and certain promotional disputes , civil service law may also play a role . civil service law supersedes the arbitratorwordswordswordss award . i believe it is the same case with teacherwordswordswordss tenure although i am not familiar with tenure rules .
because that's all we can do . the best we can with the tools we have .
i took sociology and medical terminology in the summer and got as in both .
play silks are such wonderful " toys " that offers unlimited possibilities , in our house they have been used for dress up , castle building , nature tables , gift wrapping and much more .
like so many other local families , iwordswordswordsve been watching the news out of each framingham school committee meeting as eagerly as episodes of mad men .
pearce has bulked up quite considerably and does give the impression throughout that under the jokes and dishevelled appearance that snow is a badass . this is highlighted when the action kicks off , but i rather like the fact that rather than skill , snowwordswordswordss major advantage comes from his resiliency , as he gets a pasting over the course of the film . but too tough , or dumb to stay down he merely dusts himself off and keeps scrapping .
i was a bit disappointed in the world's longest yardsale this year . the yardsale is an annual event that stretches along the 127 corridor for 675 miles from hudson , mi to gadsden , ala . we always take off on saturday morning early and go as far as we can during the day . ..maybe next year , i'll take some time off work and we can travel farther on the corridor to see differant vendors .
but i do find it interesting that forster bundles up his desire to be wordswordswordsloved bywordswordswords and wordswordswordseven hurt bywordswordswords his fictitious young man of the working classes into one package . whether one argues it as the physical interpretation of both wordswordswordslovedwordswordswords and wordswordswordshurtwordswordswords (sex , and masochism) or the emotional (romantic attachment , and heartbreak) , it seems he associates the two things closely with each other and looks to embrace them both . in the sexual sense this is a difficult conclusion for people to reach unaided now ; in the romantic sense it borders on the chivalric and certainly demonstrates an understanding of how love affairs are prone to work (as one would expect from a good novelist : spend long enough looking at human nature for the purposes of reproducing it and one is bound to acquire a certain amount of insight into the natural course of love) .
6/12 vancouver , bc - media club
when i told him i loved my flower and thanked him , he told me " that's because i love you , mommy . "
the jerusalem inn is grimeswordswordswordss 5th richard jury mystery , and considered by many to be her finest novel . five days before christmas , scotland yardwordswordswordss jury meets a beautiful woman in a graveyard . shortly afterwards , she is found poisoned to death . during this time , jurywordswordswordss friend and amateur detective , melrose plant , gathers with friends at a medieval manor house for christmas . the guests are snowed-in and a second murder occurs . as the narrative unfolds , links are discovered between the two murdered women , and jury and plant join forces to solve the mystery . this cleverly plotted novel will keep you guessing until the end .
i do some critiquing online and there seems to be one particular item that permeates the work of many writers . this is the passive voice . iwordswordswordsll admit itwordswordswordss easy to put yourself in the passive voice . perhaps it seems easier to write this way . i honestly donwordswordswordst know and i donwordswordswordst pretend to understand . what i do know is that it effects your writing negatively
i am truly blessed to be able to podcast to the world through the internet .
those for whom the bleep test is an approaching nightmare , the yoyo a yearning easily ignored , the skin-fold measuring device as welcome as a dentistwordswordswordss drill , the press conference a void to be avoided and foot movement a distraction from the job of laying bat on ball , virenda sehwag is an idol .
one more add : i think morris needs to make a move because the ballot is about to get overstuffed -- and , worse for morris , it is about to get overstuffed with pitchers . next year , roger clemens will go on the ballot . he will obviously have his own issues , but he is unquestionably one of the best pitchers ever . and curt schilling will also go on the ballot , which i think is a bigger problem because schilling's case is a lot like morris' , only it seems to me a significantly better hall of fame case .
them to pick up some of that smoky goodness you can only get
he's crawling like crazy , eating absolutely everything we put in front of him , pulling himself up and can stand holding onto furniture . i swear he'll be walking soon but it's too early! ! before i know it he'll be running which means so will we .
has a happy ending . ..or rather a happy middle bit . ..(who am i kidding ? i`m not even a quarter way there yet) with another 5 happy scrappy grannies joining the group . they are reminding me of golf jumpers .
wordswordswordshow was the trail ? wordswordswords she asked praymar after a few pensive moments of staring .
oh i just can't wait to win this thing . (wishful thinking right ? )
boy , things sure have changed .
guy #1 said he was a professional , non-smoker with his own house and car . that he enjoyed cinema , nice meals , walks on the beach , yadda yadda . your standard personal ad basically . he had a pleasant voice but sounded a little wooden and uncomfortable . but ok .
enjoy the vada curry ! !
for at least twice as long i have been contemplating my blogging future and more importantly my writing future . i have loved blogging here , getting to know many of you , discovering your own blogging corners , and simply sharing a love for all things gypsy .
and so began the editing process with my talented , brilliant , lovely , stupendous , invigorating (is that enough , lisa ? ) editor , lisa mangum . imagine my surprise when she gave me 7 single-spaced pages of notes for suggested changes . at first i wanted to throw up but then felt much better when i realized none of it was too major . my plot and characters as a whole were safe .
tickets are available now for only $50 per person including tax & gratuity , and can be picked up at all 3 beer kc restaurants or by calling beer kitchen (816) 389.4180 . come in for a pint and make your reservations asap - cheers !
cons : i cannot remember when any of these holidays are . i will never remember when these holidays are . it is a lost cause .
*the rhyme scheme is abaaabab
thanks for visiting today , was good of you to drop by . next time we meet , it'll be at your place:)
if you answered yes to all three questions then consider this : it is a historical fact that the roman catholic church put the bible together as we have it today at the councils of rome (381 a.d.) , hippo (393 a.d.) , and carthage (397 a.d.) . any encyclopedia should address this fact for confirmation if you donwordswordswordst believe me . since it was the roman catholic church that clearly had the holy spirit to put the bible together and to recognize (see proposition c . above) which books were inspired , wouldnwordswordswordst they have the same holy spirit to know the interpretation of those books ? i believe they do , and if you are a
wordswordswordsa girl should be two things : classy and fabulous!wordswordswords
to create a vintage look i dye new lace to give it an aged appearance as though it has been discovered in grandma's attic . it is also fun to do this using either tea , coffee or walnut ink crystals .
in any case , we held a fairly steady 10 minute/mile pace , and managed to make it back in one piece .
***update 21:06***
i found an ad and lucky me they had one left .
nyamare iii mutandagavi wanamato zambu wakakwehwa nyawokorefu
confronted for the first time with this proposal for free distribution according to need , many people are sceptical . what about the lazy man ? or the greedy man ? who will do the dirty work ? what will be the incentive to work ? these are objections socialists hear time and time again . these are perhaps understandable reactions to what seems , to those who have never thought about it , a startling proposition . as a matter of fact , behind these objections , is a carefully cultivated popular prejudice as to what human nature is . this is dealt in the section " is human nature a barrier to socialism ? " suffice it to say here the biological and social science and anthropological research conclusively show that so-called human nature is not a barrier to the establishment of socialism .
then i open it to the women , who are itching to speak , by now . " ladies ? "
one day a stranger came to town and
wordswordswordsthe atmosphere during the working rehearsal on wednesday 21 march is very different from that of a performance day : a mixture of concentration , tension and excitement . downstairs , the auditorium is reserved for the professionals ; dancers , musicians , journalists and technicians inhabit the space . an improvised working table , huge in its dimensions and packed with computers , lamps and notebooks , is installed over the seats of the central rows . from there , the light and sound teams make the final adjustments . a few rows in front , the press are ready to take the pictures that will illustrate the opening night reviews . no detail will be missed by their telescopic lenses .
i no longer have to miss outwordswordswords .
robin s show me love us
if you spend enough time on the streets of new york city and mingle , you are going to experience a depth and breadth of humanity that boggles the mind . not only will you find an absolutely astonishing number of people with incredible talent , but likely , you will on occasion find the serendipitous meetings to be even more amazing .
if jerusalem is to be the holy city , the theological and political centre of the kingdom with the temple and its focal point of worship , why is it that paul does not write of such a hope in any of his letters ? he never refers to jesus christ as king or even the great high priest . rather jesus christ is the head of the church and rather than having a priest , we are already seated with christ in the heavenlies according to ephesians 2:6 .
man ray (5 gelatin silver prints , 4 photogravures , 1 book and 1 film , 1922 , 1923 , 1924 , 1927 , 1931)
130g breadcrumbs (crushed biscuits)
why i finished it : at one point the computer game seems to read nickwordswordswordss mind about a hard-to-find band t-shirt he wants , and mysteriously delivers that t-shirt to nickwordswordswordss hands . i had to find out if the game was really conscious wordswordswords is it a person running the show ? a ghost in the machine ? aliens ? i also found myself wishing that erebos was a real game so that i could play it .
god , i miss my dad . sometimes , i have nightmares that he is alive and the only reason i don't see him is because we lost touch with each other . in my nightmare , my dad is living his life somewhere but i have no idea where . i feel so alone after these dreams and i grieve for him all over again .
time spent recharging your batteries and maintaining your physical and mental health is not wasted . it is a necessity . time frittered away attending to tasks easily achieved but relatively inessential to your ultimate goal is wasted - a criminal waste of a precious resource .
in the word cloud below , a depiction of the frequency with which words crop up on cheddar and change , several themes are apparent .
pattern : little house needleworks " baked goods "
the education and workforce committee has no action on hunterwordswordswordss bill planned at this time , according to committee spokesman brian newell .
19even now my witness is in heaven , and the supporter of my cause is on high .
our continued obsession with politics as the only venue where one can serve the community and transform society has led us to a race to the bottom . while we certainly have some qualified politicians , there are increasing numbers who , though they might actually be talented to serve in the private , civil society , civil service or other sectors , still shoehorn themselves into politics with disastrous results . so often our politicians live in realm of mediocrity to the countrywordswordswordss detriment .
i can now see that all the love i give will be returned in kind by these people .
the identity theft resource center , san diego , calif . , recommends these best practices for mobile device users :
blast shakes them as they struggle along their way .
three weeks after the pine to palm 100-mile in september i ran the tantalus 10-mile road race in honolulu which was just a blast and merciful in it's shortness . the high i felt during and after that race is the same high i'm getting with these sub-50k trail races . the shorter stuff has really re-invigorated my running . it feels like march when i am gearing up for the season . i should be going longer if i want to do well in the quad but since i'm only looking for a graceful finish these runs should be fine . i think they are short considering that the quad is 28.5 miles and quite hilly but i'm hoping the intensity that i've been running these races will make up for the lack of distance . i'll find out come thanksgiving weekend . i'm certainly happier with the shorter runs and in the end that counts for a lot .
perhaps i was being a little harsh on turkeys yesterday . i mean turkeys are noble birds right ? ben franklin even wanted to make our national bird a turkey (although god only knows why , am i right ? )
subject : stelladellawordswordswordss dirty knees
taman happy garden
got scribbled into childrenwordswordswordss notebooks
here is 1st weightless wednesday numbers ;
designer thomas pheasant

i would not suggest this :
biblical understanding is then only possible through the work of the holy spirit . the apostle put it this way in romans 8:5-6 .
i finished my class this morning , and i'm so excited to have the rest of the day free ! well , besides doing homework . i have to write a news story about a really cool event i visited yesterday : an art exhibit . it made me realize that i'm very interested in art and how there are so many different forms of it out there . to get into the specifics , i went to a fiber art show , which displayed fabrics and other types of art . i almost signed up for a fiber art class for this winter , but now i'm definitely interested in signing up for it next year ! for now , i can stick with writing about it .
we're leaving for a week long visit to cambridge in two weeks . i can't wait to see friends and eat at my favorite places . i had been hoping to go shopping for new clothes and sandals , but to be honest , i'm not in the mood .
wordswordswordsi put the word out.wordswordswords
there is neither jew nor gentile , neither slave nor free , nor is there male and female , for you are all one in christ jesus .
apart from statutory undertakers wordswordswords like ttec , wasa , tstt etc . wordswordswords the state carries out most of its capital investment via various spes . those would include :
these are the dates for bjwordswordsrkwordswordswordss special appearance biophilia show :
hope you found this tip helpful !
plus i've ordered some new boots
4 c . flour (sifted)
we got to the start early enough that there wasn't a big crowd and i was able to use the toilet and warm up a bit before jumping into my corral . the corrals filled up almost immediately and were more crowded than any race corral i've ever been in . i could count the women around me on one hand and as we crossed the start , we headed out to take the streets of madrid .
the first version of mellow candle : alison , clodagh and maria white
yes , we finally got some snow ! it is crazy to think that we didn't have snow on the ground until january . vanessa and owen were super excited to be able to go and play in the snow . vanessa could stay outside all day long if we let her . the cold doesn't seem to bother her much . but owen on the other hand , can only stand playing outside for about 30 minutes . he must get that from me .
who has not seen a million times - the super bowl commercial 6g , the justin blurbs daily show appearances , and all the imitations ? use the most and plan to have guests make their own copies . along with more traditional party supplies , justin bieber , throw a wig or two , and some clothes (that tweens chosen as the most similar to those actually used) . rock star deliver some inflatable microphones , available online from the new rush to get out a lot of justin bieber party supplies . rock stars in the making routine can make a karaoke style or done a capella song , or just a pantomime costume . g is likely to bring their own cameras or video cameras these days . awards for the most beautiful , the strangest and most fun . grammy award plan for each interpreter . this show could rival the new 3d biebs own success !
cause the us has military superiority .
masters of the universewordswords vykronwordswordswords ($30)
to be the national champion after 11 weeks in a back brace and missing out on three months of training is just the kind of vindication simon was hoping for this weekend .
article 7 : when two or more local copyright administrative management entities have jurisdiction over the same unlawful act , the copyright administrative management unit who was first in filing the case is responsible for investigation and prosecution of the unlawful act .
qualities : cold , moist
we put in three new raised beds ! this one below is for our raspberry bushes , and another is going to be for grapes . who would have thought you could grow grapes in the north west ? well , it can be done apparently !

parading as real , living improvements .
further links
rainjacket h&m , shoes zara , bag mj , tights wolford .
in his usual contrary way , spooky actually had a very good reaction to being declawed . he gave me the silent treatment at first , but he got a lot calmer and seemed to realize that he couldnwordswordswordst do any damage anymore . he didnwordswordswordst stop trying to rush at scooter , but he gave up on serious physical damage and seemed resigned to having bark but no bite so to speak . they even seemed to work together on a project or two , such as the great invisible christmas burglary episode of 2006 .
lurks behind what ? the drapes ? schizophrenia is a serious mental illness and other than the one line in the first paragraph , you've given us no hint that this is part of the novel .
melissa gilbert and maksim chmerkovskiy : 24 (8 , 8 , 8)
hope you all had a wonderful weekend and a creative sunday :)
this system worked for the most part , and then we found out we were moving , and i had to rethink alot when it came to getting the house ready . so , some changes happened . here's what we have now :
1/8 cup parmesan
welcome to another new follower , georgia . i hope you get to drop in from time to time .
i learned an important lesson this spring about jumping the gun . i had to re-seed everything because obviously the ground was too cold when i first put the garden in . we also got hit by a no-fair frost a couple weeks ago . miss chef and i had covered everything carefully , but we had to replace several tomatoes , and iwordswordswordsm not sure if the peppers will recover sufficiently to produce . still , i will leave them to their own devices , wordswordswordscause iwordswordswordsm sure they know what to do .
le chardon , 2007
me : umm , no .
with its waves and its swells and its tides , the sea beats a rhythm that i see reflected everywhere . and in doing so , it makes me realise that the crazy roller coaster swirls of life are not crazy swirls at all . they are , in fact , the patterns that lie at the heart of everything .
this album is so terribly difficult to approach with the tools given to me by any previous musical experiencewordswordswords itwordswordswordss such a tremendously protean mix of references and genres that i canwordswordswordst find any one dominant to start from wordswordswords the music is simply too slippery , too restless . spanning from circus music , to post-rock drones , to lush violins reminiscent of romantic classical music , break beat percussion , industrial sound effect , theatrical pacing , vocal samples taken from films , acoustic guitar tunes akin to the most harmless , sunny folk and bass lines of unrelenting ferocity , this album is a monumental confusion engine which would normally tear itself apart , but somehow , supernaturally , it doesnwordswordswordst . some laws still function , some sense is still there to be found and the devil is in the details .
when you are finished , hit finalize and submit order
01 four words
christmas parties . bah humbug . iwordswordswordsm considering cancelling my membership to the mulled wine brigade this december if only to avoid the wordswordswordswhat will i wearwordswordswords conundrum . so far iwordswordswordsve received six invitations to various incarnations of yuletide cheer from house parties and boozy bashes to egg nog tasting and wordswordswordsspeed carollingwordswordswords . all i need now are half a dozen outfits that say wordswordswordsfestivewordswordswords yet wordswordswordsstain-resistantwordswordswords ; not to mention wordswordswordspolitically correctwordswordswords and wordswordswordsfire-retardantwordswordswords . let me explain .
all taken place in a theatre of war games ,
their enthusiasm for their books is regularly infectious , and i want to help more authors achieve their dream .
wordswordswordsthe real estate market has the most profound effect on peoplewordswordswordss lifestyles and nothing tells me that people are going to regain the equity that makes them more willing to look longer into the future.wordswordswords hughes said . wordswordswordsthe middle market is even more profoundly affected than the upper tier . i think the middle market will be less well-served by the industry than it has been.wordswordswords
and my lust for her , fuelled
the horn blared again and again .
fluorescent sea-fish drifted , weightless
3 . neither failure nor success has the power to change your inner state of being .
lenny kravitz mr . cabdriver us
we talked yet again of this analogy with our children last night . asa is bringing the grill , sherrad the ice chest , virginia has the blanket , jasper has the buns and chips . today sherrad didnwordswordswordst like the way asa was acting and said , wordswordswordsi donwordswordswordst like the grill youwordswordswordsre bringing!wordswordswords
panorama stories that poienile izei area , welcome visitors , hide valuable natural resources and ancient traditions , whose values wordswordswordswordswordswordsand applications to be discovered
and . ..i'm offering up my own arcs of both half-blood and pure for you to win !
in 1616 , spaniards officially founded medellin in el poblado . however , the valley and the area were explored by them as far back as 1541 . this , of course , does not mean that indigenous peoples did not reside here before the conquistadores supposedly wordswordswordsdiscoveredwordswordswords america . the aburra valley , for example , was named after the regionwordswordswordss ancient pre-columbian inhabitants . we should not overlook the longer history the valley shares that predates 1675 .
a marlborough appellation of new zealand , this is the archetype of a new zealand red wine . more famous for their over-abundance of sauvignon blanc throughout the regions , new zealand can actually release a few rare gems such as this one from time to time . a fellow wine lover and i used to joke about how , " it's a shame they can only grow two grapes and one happens to be lackluster, " but i chose to swallow my words as i proclaim that this pinot noir has met and exceeded my expectations , far beyond that of a russian river pinot .
for several days the very depth of my eyes
i suppose it should be mildly encouraging that the house of commons is to debate and vote on whether there should be a referendum concerning the uk's membership of the european union . the bbc informs me (here) that what will be debated is whether a referendum should be held giving the great british public three choices : (i) remaining in the eu , (ii) withdrawing from the eu and (iii) staying in but renegotiating the terms " in order to create a new relationship based on trade and cooperation " .
fat camp book
4/10 : gaming ; screening : scott pilgrim vs . the world (2010) ; reading : galloway , wordswordswordsorigins of the first person shooterwordswordswords (cv 1072-1083) ; research proposals due
superior and funny . iwordswordswordsm like joanna lumley mixed in with victoria wood .
wordswordswordsjennifer steinkamp's video installations are unapologetically beautiful and fill the walls of acme gallery with streams of digital flowers and undulating clouds of color . a former commercial animator , steinkamp makes professional and seamlessly executed work , not seeking to disrupt the highly discussed " passivity " of video but instead use it to purely aesthetic ends . the waterfalls of images are therapeutic and pleasing . the viewer is so immersed in the constant flow and subtle movements of the flowers that they might think they are a poet watching grass blow in the wind , closely paying attention to the tiniest of details .
*homebrewers : for mini-kegs i have an extra co2 bottle and hoses , if you have the proper fittings .
' oh my gawddddd! '
firstly , forgive me for my recent absence . when you work in the industry that i do , the whole month of december does not belong to you . absolutely no personal life what so ever .
mix with enough luke warm water to reach a dropping consistency (much like cake batter !)
wordswordswordsbut if the nfl was really what i wanted to do , i would have just played out (the 2012) season and tried to see what would happen.wordswordswords
there was scattered debris . ..chairs overturned . . . .pudding cups in one devastated section and the chocolate encrusted spoon in yet another area . ..didn't the two at one time go together ? every toy that the child owned . . . .big and small . ..( she is no respecter of toys) had found their way to rest on every inch of carpet . ..i was assuming that there was still carpet under there . and then it happened . . . ..oh how i wish i could have foreseen it coming and maybe , just maybe i could have prepared the family . mommy was about to go into full blown meltdown mode with hurricane force anger . i stomped downstairs ranting about never having seen such in all of my life and i was throwing everything away and then i was going on a vacation where there were no phones and room service that promised to cater to my every want and need . my daughter started crying and stood at the foot of the stairs watching me as i slammed past her and went back into the trenches armed with a glad heavyweight trash bag (now i totally get why they call them glad . ..a ticked off mommy somewhere invented those trash bags) and as i began tossing trash in the bag . . . .she dared to come up the stairs and for one small fraction of a second i think to myself " wow , she gets it ! she sees that mommy is serious and she is coming to help and show me that she will keep her room and area clean . " i will answer the burning question that is weighing on all of your minds at this moment . . . .no , i do not do drugs !
deep within . . . the secret place . . . retained memories of ancient way
does anyone else happen to have a kobo and can give me some tips on how to use it ?
mr karim said he saw the videos and heard some teachings , calling them " half way to jihad" . he claimed the imam wanted muslims from other sects killed .
discuss art , science , and the dating scene in the city .
the picture : 1 cup of carrots , 2 tbsp of original hummus or 1
we grouped ourselves round the farmhouse porch . the sky cleared , and broad streams of stars ran down over the valley and away to wales . on sladwordswordswordss white slopes , seen through the black sticks of its woods , some red lamps still burned in the windows .
but hannah is independent and willful , and seth is equally so . plus simon doesnwordswordswordst want his brother to have anything to do with this vexing widow . is it possible for hannah and seth to move past their difficulties and find a lasting love ?
wordswords c rice wine
i really miss my mother-in-law and my friends h . and a . , all of whom came to stay with us recently .
in the meantime , i'll leave you with some giant art goodness and also remind you to
admission for the nfo xpo is $7 adults / free for youth
the easiest way to do this is to remove all items from your desktop except for items that are absolutely necessary for your work (i.e . phone , computer , task light) . determine which items you use on a daily basis (i.e . pen & pencil holder , letter tray) and place them back onto the desk . add a personal item or two (i.e . family photo , decorative figurine or small plant) . the other items that you have removed will either need to find a new home (i.e . desk drawer , filing cabinet , recycle bin) . if you perform this exercise weekly , it will take less and less time to complete and your desk will look beautifully organized .
i know i have ! lol
i am delighted to share my favorite room on paloma's blog today . as a relatively new blogger , she is definitely an inspiration to me . while i feel that our entire home is one big work in progress , i would say my favorite room-of-the-moment is our family room . for the most part , it's " my room " after every one goes upstairs at night , but during the day , it's also a hub of activity . and , the thing i love most about the space ? i was able to pull it together using almost all bargain resources--everywhere from craigslist to consignment shops . nothing matches , which i feel gives the space a more collected-over-time look and feel .
34 . somewhere between the time she turns three and her sixth birthday , the odds are good that she will ask you to marry her . let her down gently .
okay , i fell off the wagon . special lady time will do that to you , (thanks shelley for the awesome terminology . i've totally stolen it.) but did you know that lindt makes chocolate with fleur de sel ? i love a touch of salt when i have sweets and this was soooo good . how could i resist ?
ok , ok . let me get on with it . . .
to say i don't like fish is kind of an overstatement . it's more that i'm just insanely particular about the kind , origin , and preparation . i really only like a few varieties of fish ; cod (baked or grilled) , mahi-mahi (grilled only) , salmon (wood smoked , please) , lake perch and walleye (breaded and fried , please , with a side of buttered rye bread and sliced onion) . that's it , though . and i'm even picky when it comes to those . i think the reason , primarily , is because we live in the middle - nowhere near an oceanic coast where the fish are fresh (with the exception of the fresh water variety i mention - kinda surrounded by some pretty great lakes and a load of tributaries here) . nearly all the fish available in my area have been frozen at some point for an undetermined amount of time , and have needed to travel a ridiculously lengthy distance to get here . some are even caught off north american shores , but then sent to china for processing (i mean . ..what ? !) . by the time that fish reaches my grocery store , it's just not fresh enough for me to even consider buying , and in some cases , the odor assaults right through the package . the fish available in " the middle " isn't even close to comparable to the fish caught and served fresh in the coastal areas .
better post this while there's still time . . .
somewhere around that age i met my dad . i don't remember much except that i sat on his lap and he was very intimidating looking with his dark hair , eyes and beard . but he was friendly and he wanted a kiss good bye and my shyness took over and i ran away and hid in the house . from that day i was always very shy with my dad , would never hug him or let myself be hugged or kissed by him and i would never say i love you .
no reason that would do
although , one other possibility is out there , just to make us doubt ourselves (jennie did like to be chased) . some biographies still claim that jennie was born at 426 henry , the home of leonardwordswordswordss brother addison .
i went to a jumble sale preview on friday night . there was a time , b.c . (before children) , that a friday night was always a big night out , but times have changed . . .
blue/ green turbo infect :
wordswordswordsthat at that time ye were without christ , being aliens from the commonwealth of israel , and strangers from the covenants of promise , having no hope , and without god in the world.wordswordswords
he'brew jewbelation 13
today was no exception . ..i was trying to eat dinner but i just couldn't seem to stand the thought of food . i started getting a craving for motts applesauce . ..which of course doesn't exist here (and actually i don't recall seeing applesauce in the grocery stores . ..) so james googled recipes and started making me homemade applesauce . an hour and a batch of applesauce later . ..no dice . i couldn't eat it . by this time i had a hankering for pudding . ..you know the chocolate jello kind . so james goes to the store , buys the closest thing here (angel delight) and whips it up . . . .no dice . poor guy , struck out on both accounts . later on after he finished cleaning up the kitchen he made himself a bag of popcorn and settled down next to me . i then ate his entire bag of popcorn . seriously , james had no chance of getting any . either i am the world's worst wife or i married the most patient guy ever .
trying to find a pose that looks good . arg .
in the light of its frozen smile , pale as death ,
one of the things that strengthens faith is knowing that god is the living god . all others are dead , buried , on display , and the imaginations of wicked hearts . our god lives , even though he was crucified , died , was buried ; he rose again bodily from the grave , and is alive forevermore .
the supperclub challenge was one of the seven dishes - an appetizer called puttanesca panzarottis . basically , they are mini-calzones . the original recipe includes anchovies but since sea animals should get to celebrate life and the holidays as well , i substituted spinach . and of course , the cheeses used are vegan and cow-friendly . i also omitted sugar from the tomato sauce because i just never use sugar in tomato sauce .
what the hell is all of this plot doing in my dwayne johnson movie ? get with the program , folks wordswordswords people donwordswordswordst drag themselves out of the house on a chilly thanksgiving day to watch a couple of guys wrestle with existential crises . they do it so that they can see the rock blow a whole bunch of holes in a whole bunch of people . thankfully , faster isnwordswordswordst entirely devoid of this type of action , and , as usual , johnson is perfectly happy to play ball .
the usual phony doom and gloom about social security
goldsworthy , however , is having none of this . noting both bryan ward-perkins and heather's recent books he writes :
every one of you here tonight , in the mighty name of jesus , you will begin to sing a new song . psalm 40 v 1-3 he said when i cried to the almighty god , he brought me out of the miry clay and he put a new song in my mouth . the bible says in 126 v 1-3 he said when the lord turned the captivity of zion , he said we were like them that dream , then was our mouth filled with laughter and our tongue with singing . in the name that is above every other name , from this moment forward , you will be laughing for joy ; you will be singing a new song .
ink used is a memento dew drop . . . .
my mother , betty tisdale , adopted me when i was 4 years old in 1970 , along with my sister , mai lara , 6 months old . we came from an orphanage called an lac in saigon , vietnam . my mother met my adopted father , dr . patrick tisdale , in 1969 at the orphanage . my father already had five sons of his own from his first marriage . four sons who were biological and one son adopted from hawaii .
deadline is january 31 , 2011 .
option #2 : some shade of turquoise . the kitchen walls are currently aqua , but i am considering painting them the same colour as the living room (grey-tan) , or white . in which case , a deep turquoise like the mudroom wall colour would be lovely .
anyone who gets married that many times obviously believes in marriage .
when i was a child i enjoyed nothing more than playing with dolls . i was the proud owner of an assortment of dolls , god-knows-how-many polly pockets (anyone remember those ? ) , and a decent-sized collection of barbie dolls , barbie clothes , accessories , furniture , a house , a convertible and even a barbie-sized , drive-through mcdonalds .
breham had told the forum that french president nicholas sarkozy , who is also under probe for the karachi deaths involving french engineers , may move to stop the appointment of an instruction judge .
i recently got the chance to talk to mike brune about his role in wordswordswordsblood carwordswordswords . here , mike talks about what it was like working with the cast and crew on-set and how he got into acting in the first placewordswordswords
a number of years ago the most magnificent diamond in the history of the world was found in an african mine . it was then presented to the king of england to embellish his crown of state . the king sent it to amsterdam to be cut by an expert stone cutter . can you imagine what he did with it ?
we must learn to differentiate between higher spiritual experiences and those of the spirit or astral world , though these can overlap to some degree . drawing in departed spirits or ghosts , or bringing in animal spirits can have side effects . studying the occult or subtle worlds can be different than yogic practices aimed at self-realization . it is important to be able to distinguish between the two and not confuse them . occult and astral experiences are not always higher yogic experiences and can confuse rather than enlighten us , if we are not careful .
also , since one of my favorite snacks is apples and peanut butter , i'm trying a natural peanut butter instead of my beloved low fat jiffy . i tasted the 365 version and it's good ! this is part of my effort at eating less processed food . (you can bet i'm not giving up my coffee and creamer though!)
but enough about interviewing other people . itwordswordswordss time i interviewed you .
all i had to do was uninstall the adobe air , download and reinstall the latest version of adobe air , and that fixed the crashing problem .
anyway , what did i think of towers of midnight ?
they held the show in the same museum , but they spread the student work throughout the upper galleries so it was mixed in with the stuff on permanent display . there was much more room to move around , and breathe every now and again . still crowded , but tolerably so .
when you say , " we ain't ever gonna die "
it's not good to want the past , but i fear the present and have little faith in the future .
i am so making this recipe soon :
not twice as likelywordswordswordsor 5 times more likelywordswordswords17 times more likely! ! !
a successful filmmaker understands this , and will not expend energy on a fruitless quest to make her films purely objective . she may make an effort to present a diversity of voices and opinions . she will try to avoid presenting untruthful material unchallenged in some way (unless her objective is to mislead) . but to attempt to give voice to every possible perspective on an issue , or to give precisely equal weight to two opposing positions , is an impossibly impractical goal . wiser to follow one's own instincts and predilections , biased as they may be . often it is the filmmakers courageous enough to follow them as far as they may lead , that make the most effective and watchable films . for instance , the academy-award-winning documentary harlan county , u.s.a . by barbara kopple .
quality is also measured by logistic
putar : in other words the government is a divided house , papaji ?
listening now , still i hear the palm trees
i'm sure by the end of this week i'll never want to see another lemon cake again .
last week was spent on more felt business . i had to finish stitching the backing on the large underwater piece and get it ready to hang . i was submitting it to a juried fiber art show in west hartford . the show is titled ' out of the loop ' and is put on by the west hartford art league . it was stressful for a few reasons ; driving down toward hartford and getting lost for an hour being just two of them . i am happy to be able to say that my work was accepted along with the work of three of my good friends from the northeast feltmakers guild . go felters! ! i am also still working at getting the four pieces that are going to be in the wesleyan potters annual show and sale ready for exhibit . i find that i can not attend to that boring finish work for very long . i also am good at procrastinating at things like that when i think i have plenty of time . i am a bit more motivated since last week though . i added to my own stress because what i thought was plenty of time to finish sewing the backing was not . after i finished sewing i hung the piece and it no longer hung flat . i wound up finishing the sewing at the gallery . how unprofessional is that ! ah well . ..live and hopefully learn .
either way , 2 miles of it are ordinary neighborhood sights and 2 miles of it are more open , nature sights . when i'm out and the sun's out , i've been noticing new things along the way .
hit her
srk plays om prakash makhija , a junior artiste who , along with his friend pappu (shreyas talpade) , is struggling for work in hindi films in the seventies . the film opens with a wonderful take on rishi kapoorwordswordswordss om shanti om from karz which foreshadows the reincarnation romance drama musical about to unfold . there is some clever use of the original footage and we felt right from the beginning that we were going to love this ! the retro setting also lets farah khan and red chillies show off some fab cgi work in their tribute to past filmi legends .
i am not the only one who likes a guess ; jackie of farmlanebooks , nomadreader , open letters and her royal orangeness have had a crack too , plus jessica (who has become one of my new favourite bloggers , she makes me howl) has done her top five . i will report back with the list of books and my thoughts when itwordswordswordss been announced . until then , what books would you like to see (not necessarily the same as the books you think will) end up on the orange prize longlist when it gets announced ?
ink pad and brush for dry brushing edges .
a more feasible hypothesis is , perhaps , that different types of " white oak " have been used in the different cases , or that the treatments employed have been different . a cask made from newly felled , unseasoned " white oak " of an unsuitable species is sure to give violently disagreeable flavours when it is filled with beer , no matter what preliminary treatment may have been employed to minimise this . we have had personal experience of casks of this type , and we can testify that even when lined , " pickled " and treated by every - known trick , they will continue to contaminate every lot of beer with which they are filled , until they are eventually broken down and thrown away . even one stave of timber of this kind is enough to taint the whole contents of the cask .
we also began enjoying turkish food . we loved it , but it was a lot of the same food from restaurant to restaurant .
true , there is poverty in america . true , there are families who cannot even afford education for their children . but you donwordswordswordst hear about it . itwordswordswordss not emphasized and bolded like the way it is with china/korea/vietnam .
i have mixed feelings about the chickens myself . i very much enjoy having themwordswordswords . theywordswordswordsre fascinating to watch , and i find myself making chicken sounds after spending any length of time with them .
thanks for taking a peek and happy new year to you all !
in the ink of the printshops
my degree is a great foundation . if i hadnwordswordswordst decided to include the creative writing emphasis in my degree , iwordswordswordsm afraid that i wouldnwordswordswordst have learned as much as i did about writing process . i took a fiction writing workshop under professor and writer , dr . michael smith . with his help , i learned what not to do with my writing and how to improve . also , my classmates that year were wonderful . we all critiqued each otherswordswordswords work , and every suggestion they had for my stories , i still remember to this day and apply to my writing during the editing process now . i canwordswordswordst even begin to describe how much i have grown as a writer since then . i consider myself a better writer , although i know there is always room for improvement , and i feel more confident in my writing abilities . i do credit a lot of that to dr . smith . i donwordswordswordst think he knows how much he helped me grow as a writer during my college career .
and the boy was put straight to bed .
naturally , she attempted to defend herself . but this only poured petrol on the flames , and she was denounced , by strangers , as a terrible mother who clearly didnwordswordswordst want the best for her new born if she was willing towordswordswordswhisperwordswordswords.formula feedwordswordswords . .
petula also performs in townsville on march 3rd .
some facts that we got from the center for cancer and blood disorders in weatherford .
classes and lessons . i know , shocking , isn't it ? but unschoolers do actually take classes sometimes ! my sister takes ninjitsu and has music lessons . i've gone to various classes in the past . many unschoolers do , because sometimes , they're just the best or easiest , most interesting or fun way to learn something new , improve a skill you already have , or just enjoy learning along with a bunch of other people !
in a desperate effort to chain himself and his party to power mr . chryssohoides , minister for the protection of the citizen (an elegant term meaning ministry of public order . .) , has announced the creation of detention centers for illegal immigrants . the very real problem of illegal immigration , a problem greece shares with the rest of europe , has become wordswordswords without ever being named wordswordswords the central problem of the greek crisis to the delight of the exreme right neo nazi group wordswordswordsgolden dawnwordswordswords . rising unemployment , poverty and criminality are blamed on the wordswordswordsxenoiwordswordswords wordswordswords the foreigners . the greek public has been trying to comprehend all the new terms of psi , haircuts , bonds , british law and so on . this latest , subtly suggested reply to the crisis is much more easily understandable .
no cooking for me today . my oven died last thanksgiving day and i have not bothered to resurrect it yet . i try not to use my oven in the warmer months (which is most of the year) because it heats up the house , but i do like to have it in the couple of cold months we do have to help keep the house warm and smell those yummy comfort foods wafting from it .
i won't post the recipe just yet . the recipe still needs tweaking :)
each boat will carry an hd camera and 14 microphones . americawordswordswordss cup officials have developed a system called liveline that will insert graphics into live shots from helicopters . lines similar to the yellow first-down line used in football broadcasts will be used to show which boat is ahead , distance to the marks and course boundaries .
mcarthur found there was no work in liberia . he took a bus from monrovia to dakar - 1 174km , 3 days , in search of something better . . after dakar did not work out for mcarthur , he booked another bus ticket , right down the artery of the ear of africa , dakar to accra - 2 139km , 6 days . every time the bus braked , he would be flung into the stairwell . swathes of dust billowed for 100hours , through the dishevelled exterior , right into mcarthur's nose . he held screaming babies for their weary mothers and avoided conversation as he was assumed a local who could at least speak french . he couldn't . and , in all five countries the bus braked to a rattling halt , mcarthur was flung into the dusty stairwell because that is the seat he was allocated on his ticket .
the permanent representatives committee (prc) of the au meeting scheduled for 24 september 2008 to prepare for the africa diaspora conference was also postponed .
sowordswordswordswordswordswords i guess my big beef with naha was the vibe . the food was , well , fine . my skate was pretty good , and the dessert was really different (grapefruit , tapioca , lime flavors were involved) . but , i was so turned off by the place by the time the salad rolled around that i wasnwordswordswordst interested in even continuing my meal . and by $80 , i should care what iwordswordswordsm eating . i guess in this instance , you really are what you eat ?
sorcers of death's construction
i don't know about you , but i am moving to a farm ! !
with its magical rock formations jutting up every which direction in the middle of a hundred miles of nothingness , the appeal of such a place could be seen as simply aesthetic . but the first time i entered the park gates , i achieved a level of serenity that i can only imagine equaled that of my fatherwordswordswordss at brazos bend . i was at peace , feeling as if i had found the last holy place in america . and with this in mind , melanie , jimmy and i hiked to an impossibly difficult to reach cave , and set my father free .
501 p .
it looks like the secrets that the quarry has been hiding will be reveled in episodes four and five on saturday 24 april and saturday 1 may , which sees the return of the weeping angels and professor river song !
what if that person was chatting up a good friend ? the wife of a good friend ?
i remember the first time i herd of equal money . i was in the kitchen on the desteni farm and it was bernard who mentioned the point to me . i had initially gone for a visit to the desteni farm based on the material i had researched and the interactions i had with those involved with desteni at the time . i understood that i was getting acquainted with a wordswordswordslife changingwordswordswords process , though this process of change was not yet mentioned at all within the context of an equal money system . i was there on the farm interested in learning more about myself and how to wordswordswordschangewordswordswords and to learn more about this process of equality and realizing ourselves as life .
i quickly plopped myself down with my laptop and started ganking photos off the web . i found a plethora of classics : johnny cash , david bowie , george carlin and about 20 others . i narrowed it down to 18 with one female wordswordswords jane fonda in her classic wordswordswordspower to the peoplewordswordswords pose . i shot the images , one by one , to my wireless printerwordswordswordswhile comfortably plopped down on my bed . (i did have to make a quick trip to ikea for frames on my lunch hour one day , but even that took me less than a half hour round trip) .
when he arrived in his country , it happened that zinyemba became sick and hundungu said to him , wordswordswordsyou must go to the chief of the varozvi now to be given the chieftainship of mangwende.wordswordswords zinyemba answered hundungu saying , wordswordswordsi am sick , i shall go when i am well.wordswordswords then hundungu went to the chief of the varozvi and said , wordswordswordsi have been chosen to be chief mangwende.wordswordswords chief of the varozvi agreed , and gave hundungu some medicine called mayipe to eat . this medicine was given by the varozvi to new chiefs . when hundungu returned to his country , he called all the sub-chiefs of vanhohwe . when they were gathered together the drums were beaten . on that day all the vanhohwe people were told that hundungu was now chief mangwende .
his last album , 2009's blaqkout with kurupt , put its playful creativity up front and buried some pretty serious and hard won widom just beneath the surface , while the book of david is an ostensibly more personal solo effort that puts its ugliest dirty laundry and hardest beats on prominent display while still being boatloads of infectious fun in its own right . i tend to prefer the former to the latter , but i respect both as formidable creative achievements .
this means no meat , dairy products , sugar , white flour . ..all of the good stuff !
another amber . " boldly hopped " my arse .
a few links for the rss feed on the home page .
you can always tell when
in luton , england , the muslims against crusades group protested against the parade of local regiment the royal anglians , or wordswordswordsthe poacherswordswordswords , on their return from iraq calling them wordswordswordsmurdererswordswordswords ! english people ptotested but the police protected the muslims.(2)
so the next visit we had was for shots . that is 4 injections in the thighs . 2 in each leg . when they girls ask me again if they are getting shots , again i lie and say i don't know . so when they ask dr . taylor (she not knowing that is why we were there) says no , when in fact that was the main reason we were there . being pros at shots now , we take one child at a time to a different room , and wait till they return to take the next one . the girls are pretty good at knowing what is going on around them , so as soon as avery leaves the room (she is crying and screaming) they ask me if they are getting shots , and i can't lie anymore , so i say yes and if you see the picture below :
nothing weird , very boring that way . ..just that once , called up one of my best friend's colleague whom she had a crush on , to strike up a conversation and know him more . :p
the only website that exists requires a great deal of attention in order to serve its purpose and be helpful to users . in addition , afro-ip would have preferred the main ip office to have one .
well . . . .i can now breathe . it's in . . . .and the opening is friday evening and runs through the weekend .
the prophet nathan is heralded for having spoken wordswordswordstruth to powerwordswordswords when he confronted king david for having slept with the wife of his soldier uriah , the hittite , and sent him to battle to be killed by the enemy . that this little-known prophet risked all by boldly confronting the mighty king makes this a profound story indeed . and yet , nowhere in the bible do we find nathanwordswordswordss wordswordswordsstorywordswordswordswordswordswordshow he summoned the strength to confront the king ; how he felt about the kingwordswordswordss conduct ; and how king david reacted to him (apart from the few words describing the incident in the as described in chapter 12 of the second book of samuel) . david and bathsheba is primarily a personal , fictional view of what wordswordswordsmaywordswordswords have occurred in the exchange between nathan and david .

five blogs that are wordswordswordsliebsterwordswordswords to mewordswordswords
as for me , i'm stockpiling kitkats , oreos and eskimo bars . if the goo-goos want to take my confections away from me , they'll have to pry them from my warm , sticky fingers .

the magpies striker found the net in each half to keep the visitors level on points with fourth-placed tottenham and all but end chelseawordswordswordss hopes of qualifying for europewordswordswordss elite via the premier league .
06.sweet afromance 04:20
there was a salsa lesson . i made an attempt , but my belly proves to make me a little off kilter and the ' swinging of my cuban hips ' (yes , that's what the girl said in the video) was a little challenging . so , you see me sitting as i watched the video and my church ladies swing what the good lord gave them .
i feel lucky that i have had nearly two years of retirement after 43 years of planning for it .
my favorite thing this week : i think my favorite thing this week was our dr . seuss day . we had so much fun and the kids drawings turned out amazing !
no matter what else happens in your situation , however , there are resources out there to help you through this difficult time . just because your personal life is under pressure doesnwordswordswordst mean your professional one needs to fall apart . remember , you got to where you are because of your strengths and your ability to act under stress . this isnwordswordswordst anything you canwordswordswordst handle .
i am most excited about their tuesday " pep card" . i was stalking one day this week (comfort of the couch , remember ? ) and i got the pattern and directions from mrs . mckown at little literacy learners . (the star is a graphic from www.mycutegraphics.com , per her website) .
nominees and vip guests were greeted on the red carpet with champagne , cocktails and canapwordswordss at the prestigious 47th annual fleur du cap theatre awards , held at the baxter theatre on sunday 18 march 2012 . director and choreographer alfred hinkel took a new approach to this yearwordswordswordss entertainment and created a production that involved heather mac , dancers from his new company garage and the two masters of ceremony , alan committie and hannes van wyk . it was certainly a magical evening for wordswordswordsklaasvakiewordswordswords with wilna snyman winning best performance by a leading actress in a play and nicole hanekom receiving the prize for best performance by a supporting actress in a play . the award for best performance by a leading actor in a play went to carel nel for wordswordswordsdie rebellie van lafras verweywordswordswords . actor and lecturer christopher weare was awarded the fleur du cap lifetime achievement award for his contribution to south african theatre . with 20 categories this year , winners were awarded a beautiful silver medallion and r15,000 making a fleur du cap the most coveted award in the industry .
i absolutely love how this has turned out . it was my first attempt at princess seams and they are so flattering ! i don't think i need to make any changes to the pattern at all , which is a first . this muslin was made out of an old sheet and it isn't obvious from the pictures but it is a bit faded and washed out so sadly not really wearable i public ! i kind of wish i'd gone straight for fashion fabric now but i'm to chicken to not make a muslin ! my chosen fabric for this is a print , but i really like how it looks here in a solid colour , plus this would give so many more wardrobe options ! i have a feeling i will be making many of these . also , this version is not hemmed and you can see that it it quite long on me . ..i can just about get away wearing it as a tunic-style top , so i can see that by modifying the pattern slightly it would be quite easy to turn this into a tunic or even a longer dress . in fact , ashley is in the process of attempting something of the sort . so many options !
4 yukon gold potatoes , peeled and diced
1 closed
happy new year to you and yours .
over the course of the year a lot has happened in my life and the blog has served as a journal and way to share myself with the world .
science fiction is one of the best places to do that , because it escapes criticism since itwordswordswordss categorized as wordswordswordsunrealistic,wordswordswords wordswordswordsimpossible,wordswordswords and wordswordswordsfantastical.wordswordswords little do they know that science fiction is much more important than that , that its power lies in the ability to bypass our pre-constructed matrices of thought and tell us things about the world in which we live from a whole new perspective .
7 . christmas morning , everyone awakes anxious to see what santa has left . once all the stockings have been torn apart , we sit down for a filling christmas breakfast , consisting of a breakfast casserole , sweet bread and fruit salad . when breakfast is cleared and the kitchen is clean we return to the family room to exchange and open gifts . mark's side of our family joins us in the afternoon to exchange and open more gifts . then with both sides of our family joining us in our home we sit down to a beautiful christmas dinner .
the most powerful commonly available chambering that fits into a " normal " sized revolver is generally considered to be the .454 casull ; which is a .45 caliber round , at up to 400gr , and up to 1500feet per second for up to around 2000ftlbs of energy .
the beginning of his singing career was bound up with the halcyon days of pre-war glyndebourne . he recalls , wittily and nostalgically , the magic atmosphere which seemed to surround john christies activities . he describes the pleasures and the difficulties of working with jani strasser , fritz busch and carl ebert and gives a fascinating glimpse of the life of a young singer in that circle .
just a very quick note about the latest installment in garroshwordswordswordss poetry challenge wordswordswords for those of you whowordswordswordsve been following religiously (and that would be all of you amirite ? ) , you know that iwordswordswordsve committed to posting a new epic verse based on reader requests every tuesday and thursday in the month of april .
elected as a bnp councillor in may 2008 (then known as padraic dunne) he defected to the edp in june 2011 , his seat is up for election tomorrow and he is defending it .
for $32 , with tax! ! !
the job-gods have conspired , and iwordswordswordsm pretty sure that itwordswordswordss just not gonna happen . (insert ridiculously long string of swearwords here.)
reading body language
please stay tuned for part two .
after lunchtime , sieds cousins , the 14-year old girl and her older , 17-year old brother showed us around at their farm and at their old school . that is pretty much what is to be seen in sers . there were a lot of teenagers practicing football at a gravel field by the school , whom i joined spontaneously . they had never ever in their lives seen a hot blond girl playing football . in fact , almost no girls play football in tunisia . at least not in sers .
a couple of days ago while wandering around blogs , i came across someone mentioning a manga called arisa by natsumi ando . i donwordswordswordst want to go too in depth about arisa right now because technically it has nothing to do with this post other than that events occurring while reading arisa inspired me to write this . what events you ask ? one word : cliffhanger !
wise words and a great metaphor . however , it also led me to endless corrections and re-writes and all kinds of other things that took up way too much time . a task that took me an hour by hand in theory would take half as long on a pc . the reality is that it took me twice as long . where i would have picked up the telephone i now sent an email and had to wait (and wait) for a response which never made sense .
the book actually starts years later when autumn is successfully running her own event-planning business and bringing up their child , conner , by herself . sam looks after conner now and then when it suits him but he has never been very reliable and he never picks conner up himself wordswordswords he sends his assistant . they run into each other again at a wedding shewordswordswordss in charge of and from there on in everything seems to change between them .
15/08 19:25 w 10,000 metres final
the little boy crispin is a perfect warriors son but will his innocence still . the uncles/brothers were also fun to read and i canwordswordswordst wait as they are the man characters in their own book .
i'll send your names to teresa & then i'll let ya'll email her via the link on her site !
the researchers also found signs of unusual magnetic changes in the sun . normally , the sunwordswordswordss magnetic field flips about once every 11 years . in 2001 , the sunwordswordswordss magnetic north pole , which was in the northern hemisphere , flipped to the south .
everyone has their own way of making beef stew more flavorful .

flood waters rising and ?
i find more and more employees who donwordswordswordst recognize the power of good interpersonal skills . and , in the business world , interpersonal skills generally refer to an employeewordswordswordss ability to get along with others , while getting the job done . an employee who listens and takes feedback has a far better chance of being highly favored . as a career coach , i know that employers want to hire a good attitude . here are some smart solutionswordswordswords to improve your relational skills :
if you are happy to write books to commission , rather than coming up with the ideas yourself first , you can contact commissioning editors of relevant lists and introduce yourself , explaining what you write . this only works for some types of books . don't approach an editor at faber saying you'd like to write some literary novels and would they get in touch , please , when they need some written ? that doesn't happen . but if you want to write reading-scheme-type fiction for early readers , or books on cat care , or travel guides , you can approach a commissioning editor , with examples of your previous relevant publications , and ask if they have any openings in their list . expect to be told ' no' . that's the default answer . you just might get lucky . then they may say ' we're commissioning short stories with a scientific content supporting key stage 1 science ' or some such . and then you decide if you can do it and want to do it .
wordswordswords . do you suppose that means it qualifies as a medical expense on my taxes ? wordswordswords . i am , of course , kiddingwordswordswords . like i said , the trip was paid for last yearwordswordswords . . still , it is an interesting thoughtwordswordswords .
three ways to lose an ebook sale on ebay
in the forty-first minute of an fa cup tie with tottenham hotspur on saturday 17th march , 23-year-old bolton footballer fabrice muamba collapsed to the ground with no-one around him . it was immediately apparent that something serious had happened . the game stopped , later to be abandoned , as emergency medical staff ran onto the pitch . he had suffered cardiac arrest . the other played looked onwards . the spurs player rafael van der vaart fell to his knees and started praying whilst a defibrillator was used to try to restart muambawordswordswordss heart . one cardiologist who was at the game as a fan ran onto the pitch to assist . this doctor accompanied muamba , bolton manager owen coyle , club captain kevin davies and the bolton and spurs medical staff to the london chest hospital where his treatment continued .
thoughts would be appreciated .
really ? will they employ camp orchestras , cus i play the french horn ?
2010.07.28 iraq karbala 16 37 jihadis take down sixteen innocents in a rocket attack .
god told the dogwood that the burden that was carried would be carried only one time , and from that time on dogwoods would be knarly small trees with poor timber size so not dogwood could be used in this manner again , god told the dogwood that the dogwoods would now be responsible for
thru my etsy store or locally in san antonio !
the achievements of rand stem from its development of systems analysis . important contributions are claimed in space systems and the united stateswordswordswords space program , in computing and in artificial intelligence . rand researchers developed many of the principles that were used to build the internet . rand also contributed to the development and use of wargaming .
ronan wrapped his arms around her , wordswordswordsi hope she does , by all the power in me , i hope she does.wordswordswords
if youwordswordswordsve got down time from your business , do not cram it with lots of routine tasks that you can easily assign to an assistant . rather , utilize the down time for analytical tasks wordswordswords such as finding ways to increase your sales or how you can improve a specific process in your business so you can deliver faster .
those who see the injustice of the cdfwordswordswordss attempt to suppress lcwr need to respond with similar courage . now is not the time to be afraid , worried , or despairing . we must rely on our god who promised to be with us and guide us in our times of need . the only thing we can ever change is ourselves and our responses , not other people or situations . we have the choice at this juncture to respond with courage .
i forgive myself that i have accepted and allowed myself to fear walking a new path as new physical direction/expression of me because i fear losing that experience i have within participating in past patterns that do not support me to re-establish my self dignity and self respect .
ic , ic--activity report , part iii .
this book is christian apologetics above and beyond . it took me quite some time to finish mostly because i wanted think through each segment thoroughly before continuing . the amount of in-depth information could be overwhelming , but the writing style is accommodating and enjoyable .
7 . finally , have fun , be positive and please . ..above all else . ..communicate ! we are not a scary bunch and we need input , ideas , opinions and suggestions ! please be heard :)
anyway , rant over and here's my page 6 finish . . . . . .
second , in biblical times a man might address a female as wordswordswordswoman,wordswordswords but nowhere else in the ancient greco-roman world or in ancient israel do we have a known example of a son addressing his mother with this title . jesus addressing his own mother as wordswordswordswomanwordswordswords would be unique in all of antiquity . this suggests that jesus has some particular purpose in calling his mother wordswordswordswomanwordswordswords wordswordswords a purpose that goes beyond the normal , congenial way he addresses other women . when applied to mary , this title likely has some important , symbolic purpose (which will be considered below) .
04) suburban home
as it turns out , my dentist has never been to america and only knows about american fashion by what she sees on tv . people on tv usually have multi-million dollar wardrobe budgets and professional make up artists . i didnwordswordswordst bother arguing this with her because she had a drill in my mouth .
be fearless .
particular on-line holdwordswordswordsem sites make deductions out of your poker rakeback complete should you redeem poker points in their retailer , enter a freeroll tournament together with your poker points , or participate inside a tournament by having an overlay . additionally some sites make rakeback deductions if there is a processing charge on your deposit or withdrawal . ultimately , most , it not exclusively , poker sites deduct any bonus quantity you distinct from your poker rakeback complete also .
it is true that george w bush's india push was a very significant foreign policy change for the united states.he moved heaven and earth to prove that he was serious about india .
come here to me wordswordswords i came across this recently and i love it ! come here to me is a blog hosted by three dublin lads , mostly with history backgrounds , who have , among other topics , basically blogged all about the aesthetic and structural past and present of the city . the blog is already several years old and has covered so much , allowing for a great dig through their archives . these archives detail all kinds of stuff , so go have a gander because itwordswordswordss well worth it !
awaara (the tramp) (1951 ; raj kapoor , prithviraj kapoor , nargis ; directed by raj kapoor) is , like shree 420 , another classic masterpiece of indian cinema . this one is a bit harder to watch , however . it delves head first into the unforgiving realities of class distinction and the brutal life of those forced to live on the indian city streets . awaara was hugely popular in communist countries due to its socialist themes , but therewordswordswordss no denying that the horrors of inequity that the film displays are very real everyday tragedies for millions .

we went to the park , walked down a road looking for baby goslings and had a great morning . today is miss s's last day of testing so i imagine we will be at the park again . our little hunter goes in for grooming today as well ; he won't be getting a traditional bichon cut but more of the puppy/teddy bear look . we don't mind him scruffy as long as he doesn't get mats . he has had a few and i brush him every night but find they are really hard to get out . our hunter still seems to enjoy the evenings and goes wild ; i wish you could see him . he'll do circles around the yard again and again , yet going on a walk seems to tire him out . of course , going for a walk is really more learning how to behave out in public ; so many new sights and sounds . my girlfriend , kam and her lexie , didn't join us today and it was such a surprise to me that hunter was much more timid without her . i know each day will get easier for him ; he is such a love !
our observation is that he has one foot standing on the old testament and the other foot standing on the new testament (and i used to be in that place 2 or 3 years ago) , and thatwordswordswordss probably why his posts usually sound confusing due to his belief in a mixture of law and grace (or a mixture of the old covenant god based on illusion of separation and the new covenant father based on unconditional love and oneness) .
first , some background on how the ecb conducts monetary policy .
sayid saunters into camp and sawyer asks him where he's been . sayid needs to speak to locke in private ; the two men walk into the jungle . sawyer suspiciously watches them
page international screenwriting contest .
coming to play a cleric after all these years of disdain for them i now see that what i describe above (i.e . , my behavior) is inherently code-driven . if one doesn't want to attribute an over-arching moral code to it they don't have to . i don't have to , explicitly , when i play d&d . but i do play such a pragmatic and righteous cleric -- one who is willing to smash in heads of prisoners , fly headlong into battle , probe the inner workings of local politics on the off-days in town , to beat back panic , fear , ignorance , group-think , and superstition . ostensibly in the furtherance of democracy . i suppose this is the enlightenment ideal applied to d&d . (or an enlightenment ideal applied to d&d , anyway.)
what about the exchange-value of this new property , is it also collectively owned ? the film does not explicitly address the ownership of the artworks created by the associated producers once they get commodified . it is probably fair to assume that the originator and leader of the project , vic muniz , holds the copyrights . but he certainly incorporates his fellow artistic workers in a profit-sharing scheme . over all , the political economy of the project is tending towards socialism if not there yet . it's one hell of an excellent social democratic cooperative .
angostura bitters
link dead
wordswordswordsis she hurt badly ? wordswordswords mr . bowen asked .
i have hope that i will exercise for long enough to release some endorphins todaywordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords .
but i've failed .
an important piece of this process , called sanctification , is the community of faith . the community is one tool god uses to conform us into the his image .
i quoted 9 verses but right now there are only two verses i want to focus on , verses two and five . the nine verses are talking about the coming apostasy . this is describing what the world will be like in the end times , not only the world but more importantly the church . we gather that from verse five where it says they have the form of godliness but denying the power of god . it gives a list of qualities that are also in the church . verses two through four paints a very scary picture , much of what we are seeing now days . only one has not come to pass but i will discuss that in another blog at another time . the people have gone away from god to chase their own selfish desires . they consider themselves devout christians if they spend a couple of hours a week in church , then the rest of the week they are chasing their own selfish desires . many who are gentiles claim to be christians out of ignorance .
so , tomorrow they come to pack our stuff . friday it goes on a truck in a crate or two , then on a train to aldelaide , and then on a boat to home . i am pretty much ready for the packers . i have a few last minute tasks to keep me busy while i oversee the packing . in true aussie style , i have no idea when they will show up , or how many packers will come . no one called to let us know like they said they would . oh well , i'll be up and ready for them bright and early . no worries ! i think i have the hang of this laidback life . ;-)
commercial publishers achieve their high sales levels by ensuring that they have a good stock of books and an efficient distribution system which will get their titles from warehouse to bookshop shelves as quickly and as cheaply as possible .
wordswordswordsone of the most famous legends of central asia tells of a horseman,wordswordswords he told me as we sat in his book-lined room in rome . wordswordswordsthe horseman is the standard-bearer of the great khan . as the khanwordswordswordss army are entering a city after a glorious victory , the standard-bearer sees a dark lady looking at him . the dark lady has fearsome eyes , as if she is looking right inside him . he becomes scared that this woman is a witch and she has put the evil eye on him , so he goes to the great khan and tells him his fears and says he wants to go to another city .
and when i transferred the berry mixture onto the baking dish and sprinkled the crumb mixture onto it , the picture started developing much better . but not there yet .
i have been inspired by friends who blog , but i have to say that a movie really motivated me . wordswordswordsjulie and juliawordswordswords kinda showed how easy it is to blog , as well as the discipline it takes . some people blog every day . others , once a week , or once a month . all i can promise is that my blog will be full of randomness , and will probably come out at random times .
you may have noticed ?
if youwordswordswordsre going to smoke go in your house , lock the door behind you , and smoke to your heartwordswordswordss content . but donwordswordswordst do it in the park ! you donwordswordswordst want to expose the squirrel birds , turtles , and little kids to your second-hand smoke .
iwordswordswordsm sorry for being like this .
she has a collection of shoes and jewellery box that any girl would envy
itwordswordswordss not all that different , i imagine , to what regular couples experience when one of them goes on a business trip . yet , therewordswordswordss something more intense about it when the goodbye is coupled to military service . even if itwordswordswordss just to slip away into the woods for a week .
18 lock this layer (you are still inside the movie clip , remember) and call it sequence . make a new layer above it and call it actions .
in san francisco , when you share an idea with someone , more often then not they are excited . people comment on how unique or original an idea may be . they ask what they can do to help .
nope , i cut clay's hair .
so i am at my computer trying to think of something to write cause i love getting more people to talk about the battle against mediocrity , i also love hearing others stories , but i am looking at my tablet and seeing in my notes that my total debt is at $25,027 . and while i know that is a good amount of money , at the same time it really is not ! it just is not , an extra job , longer hours , something can be done , and it is driving me nuts sitting here are the computer when there is something that can be done !
as the first hint of sun was creasing the horizon , she suddenly said , wordswordswordsiwordswordswordsm tired . letwordswordswordss go now.wordswordswords
wearing the blue work overalls symbolic of slaves and laborers ,
i left the computer and middle son , and headed for the kettle . which i put on . very loudly and with lots of crashing .
for shelter once the sun went down and the shops closed up . the scent of rain
frustration just drained into my blood . i needed to get away from my humid and sticky apartment and get my final paper for a class written , so i drove to starbucks , ordered a vanilla rooibos tea , opened up my computer , got out my folder that had the instructions for the final in it andwordswordswords . no paper . son of awordswordswords and iwordswordswordsm not about to pack up my stuff , drive home , get my paper , and drive back out here . is that being stubborn ? lazy ? maybe .
those departments have forms to fill out and among the questions they ask is who is going to publish the book ; how many copies will be printed ; where will the books be sold and so forth .
depending on the size of your family , you may need to schedule anywhere from one to four loads of laundry/day . start with two loads each day (monday-friday) and decide if you need to increase that number or not .
even within christianity , shameless perversion is promoted a wordswordswordsholinesswordswordswords in the name of jesus . the ultimate fruit of replacement theology is lawlessness .
in running and in life , comparing yourself to others doesn't bring happiness . as a runner , if you play the " comparing game " there will always be somebody running more miles than you . there will always be somebody running faster . there will always be somebody running more races . there will always be somebody doing tougher workouts . there will always be somebody thinner and in better shape . there will always be somebody who in your mind can be seen as " better " than you for whatever reason . and on the flip side , you will always be " the somebody " that is running more miles , running faster , running more races , doing tougher workouts , and in better shape than others .
33 . seen niagara falls in person
the nikibiki tanks are nice and long . they cover my post partum pudge (does it still count as post partum when my youngest is a toddler ? ) , and keep my butt covered even when i bend down or squat on the floor to be at the kids ' level .
this thing was situated in mirrors so you could see the skull from every angle . and it rotated . but that eyeball ?
where in the show this year .
anxious mofo
next up , if the lord will , arminianism . iwordswordswordsm looking forward to that one !
sizzix corner die
now i can't show you all of the pages because i really hope you will go to her blog and show her some love .
and i'll be back tomorrow . . .
one of the recurring themes of the recently completed world championships was that of up and coming athletes breaking through to the big time . while it was clear in zurich that itwordswordswordss time for the season to end as many athletes are now weary , several of the upstarts in daegu are clearly out to prove that their performances in daegu were no flukes .
sorry for the brief silence - the computer's been on the fritz and dave just finally got it back to normal .
hello everyonewordswordswords fishing here in puerto vallarta has gotten to the strange and almost unbelievable .
in response , i sent this :
thank you for always knowing when i need a hug . or a kick in the ass .

i canwordswordswordst complain of my first experience flying alone with the two kids . although it was a very short flight i was a little bit concerned on how they , or rather i , would deal with it . we flew garuda indonesia since wewordswordswordsve had several bad experiences with air asia indonesia . the service was excellent . i love how they give you a special meal for the baby and a little bag with diapers , wipes and a little toy . the only other airline iwordswordswordsve flown with similar perks is emirates .
yes , that says better if used before october 10 , 2008 !
i was not feeling whole
he raced down the shadowed street and stopped at the corner , heart pounding , looking both ways . north , over the hill : the road to st . etienne . a train to paris , like hewordswordswordsd said ? there were no trains now . or southwordswordswordssouth to where ? oh lord if i choose wrong iwordswordswordsll never find him .
to read an e-book , however , you first need something like a kindle . there are other e-readers around (which the muse has not seen) , or you can download free apps to read e-books on your iphone , ipad , blackberry , etc , or even on your computer . an e-book does not have a cover as such wordswordswords your electronic device acts as the cover wordswordswords though it will probably contain an image of the front cover at the start . it does not have pages , only screenfuls of words and maybe pictures , and most of them have hyperlinks you can click on , as explained in my previous kindle post . you design your own wordswordswordse-pageswordswordswords by adjusting the text size and number of words on a line . you can bookmark these e-pages electronically (in the kindle they look as if youwordswordswordsve folded down the corner) , and you can wordswordswordsscribblewordswordswords on the e-pages too wordswordswords your notes go into a clippings file , linked back to the place in the e-book you were reading . you can borrow e-books from your local library , and you can lend a kindle book purchased from amazon to a friend for seven days . you canwordswordswordst give it away for good after youwordswordswordsve finished with it , unless you also give away your e-reader . . . so you canwordswordswordst give it to a charity shop unless youwordswordswordsre giving an e-reader with its complete collection . and there are obviously no braille e-books , though for those who have trouble seeing the words on the screen the kindle can read the book to you .
1 . ian palfrey (bx) 36 ; 2 . andrew gladstone (r) 41 ; 3t . martin jensen (bx) 42 , connor daly (bx) 42 , james mchugh (r) 42 ; 6 . max boyd (bx) 44 ; 7 . henry bailey (r) 45 ; 8 . peter donohue (bx) 46 , jabril whiteside (r) 46 ; 10 . mike garafalo (r) 51 .
- " it's been said that (searching for prior art) is all going to be sorted out and will be very easy in due course--i don't believe it . . . and some of the fuzzy patents that have emerged from the united states tell you that it's going to be very difficult to stop very ordinary things from being patented . " i realize that the article only cites selected portions of lord jacob's comments , but this is pretty outrageous stuff . it is intellectually lazy , and his comments do nothing for progressing the ongoing discourse on patent policy (lord justice jacob was reportedly " glad " that he hasn't had to consider any software patent cases in the appeal courts yet) .
so , sweet and juicy going down , followed by a drying , slightly peppery bitterness and a toasted finish . another one that won't blow you away , but it's certainly a nice one to have a few of on a night . i think i still like it .
catelynn : " it's not ugly , i think it's cute . . . "
i have discontinued this book because it is outdated . by that i mean , i had references throughout the book of several artists friends who are no longer producing the products i recommended , or they are simply out of the art business .
i sense that the far right thinks it needs a win only once every few election cycles , combined with a relentless campaign of demonization , legislative obstruction , and litigation at all other times , to score a net advance for the cause of the right . if you live in wisconsin , michigan , florida , ohio , or maine , tell me : does that sound about right ? if righties think that , can we really say they're crazy , given how quickly they can pass extreme legislation when they do gain power , and how much obstruction they're capable of at other times ?
- saint hedwig air conditioning repair / saint hedwig ac repair
happy sunday stampers ! it is time for another challenge from stampin ' sisters in christ , where all of our challenges are based on scripture . this week's hostess is our beloved sister rebekka who has selected this verse from job 13:15 " though he slay me , yet will i trust in him . " her challenge is to make a card that praises our god and savior .
the blonde looked up at me with a wry grin on her face (and a speck of porridge on her chin)
i also created an 85 pandaren monk and tested the windwalker (dps) and mistweaver (healer) specs with a few runs of end time .
i kept inwardly praying to and for these little plants who grew against the odds .
toy story 3 won for best original song , randy newman . his second win and 20 nominations
we were a little away from the coast and the waves had risen again , they were raising our flank and making us lurch . we paddled furiously through the white breakers , dodging rocks as we went . michelle and jacob came into view , so we used them as incentive to paddle harder and beat them to the beach . nothing like a bit of competition to focus the mind .
wordswordswordssomeone with the username wordswordswordsflash gordonwordswordswords has been trying to dead agent (lol) me on the ex scientology message board by trying to convince everyone that i lied about the attack and am a horrible , untrustworthy person.wordswordswords
may 9 wordswordswords may 10
like pens are rare in the world
soft , warm snuggles turn cold ,
hiding this immense moon
so , hubs , hope you are reading . there's got to be a spoil-your-wife kind of day coming up soon . . . plus pampering is important . just ask some of my favorite girls :
1 hollar
as for low , it's a source of delight just to see them back on stage together . little has been heard of them since 2007's drums and guns - a difficult album by their standards , a departure from the norm and hailed in some quarters as their kid a . bassist matt livingston , himself a replacement for long-time member zak sally , has been replaced by steve garrington , and sparhawk , recovering from the period of mental instability which led sally to quit , has been occupying himself with side-project the retribution gospel choir .
i am still in the process of reading all of your posts . if i haven't made it to your blog yet , it will happen i promise .
8 . serve over basmati rice or with naan bread (tonight i did both to make it interesting . and to apparently make more work for myself)
it was a short lived foray into all things batman . perhaps more bridget jones .
i must have done ok . i got through the first round of tests and then the second one . a few weeks later , before i'd even really thought about it , i was on my way to an interview .
the political left in norway are supporters of a strong and all-encompassing political regime , namely their own . they support the idea of outlawing political views that go against their ideology , including criminalising criticism of islam , multiculturalism , feminism and alternative lifestyles such as homosexuality . they embrace the use of awareness campaigns that promote their own political agenda and mock those of their opponents . they embrace the idea of state financial support for the national media , which in an ideal society should be completely independent and shouldnwordswordswordst have any ties whatsoever to the authorities . they also wholeheartedly support any measures that increase their stranglehold on society , and which they use to the fullest .
here are the books i'm giving away :
the interior cabin (no window) goes for $2,150 per person based on double occupancy .
well , i thought the movie went well so i was slightly confident with how the date was going . we walked out of the theater and it was already 1am so we knew we were parting ways . we parked in opposite directions so i asked if he would take me to my car since he knew his way around . when we got into the car , he asked what music i like . i said everything but rap . he seemed a little disappointed in that answer . and then i asked what his schedule is like and what days he has school . trying to figure out what days we could get together again . . . so by the time we got to my car , i asked him when he would be free again . he answers , " well , i'm pretty busy with school . . . i have finals in a week , and then it's my graduation . . so i'm busy . " hearing that , i just kinda took the hint that he wasn't interested . i mean , if he was interested , he wouldn't have said all that right ? so i just kinda turned to him and said " well , you just let me know when you're free if you still want to hang out then . " so with a little disappointment , i turned to him in my seat and motioned for a hug goodnight instead of the kiss goodnight that i would've like .
the evil darth fermentor stands amid the broken and twisted bodies
nicolas veron , senior fellow at bruegel , a brussels-based think tank , is not too far away from that : " this agreement does not set greece on a sustainable track , and more pain is sure to come down the road wordswordswords" . yet mohammed el-erian , co-chief executive of pimco is more blunt : " wordswordswords this agreement is likely to follow its predecessors and fall apart in the weeks ahead " .
they were the hard core who gladly forked out crumpled twenty-dollar bills in the hope that one day a united ireland might become a reality , and not just another pipe dream fueled by chasers of cheap beer and shots of powers whiskey.wordswordswords
s is for magnificent satisfaction
the saz-2500d replaces the saz-2000d in our line-up . it packs 25% more power into a casing only 3/4wordswordswords longer than the older saz-2000d model . the 2500d features an output section equal to our highly regarded saz-3000d model and an extremely robust power supply section to back it up !
the creation of god
so i will just say thank you every one of you who has ever posted a beautiful picture in his/her blog and that was easy enough for me to repaint .
here i go againwordswordswords
a saudi law firm has demanded apologies , abasement , and reparations from danish publishers because of the infamous turban bomb cartoon . what should the danish response be ?
say you think a project has gone off the rails ; instead of simply showing everyone how smart you are by pointing out its flaws and revamping the timeline , jump in and help fix it .
katayoon (katie) dehesh wordswordswords professor , plant biology ; chair of designated emphasis in biotechnology
members expressed their concern about the statistics in the report because the national department had relied on the provinces to provide the numbers , with very few actual inspections of police stations .
didn't mean to go all greeting-card on y'all . but it's true . i wouldn't typically have bacon and cheesecake married together , but listen to me , people : it rocks . this is some tasty filth , i'm tellin ' ya .
what about put it in those foam pink rollers overnight ?
how to be when jake is in the city . . . and we are learning what to do to ease the
(the graph contains two runs , called ' plot ' and ' plot.1' , plus the combination of both runs in blue)
i bought a kindle last year and the first book i read on in this year was hilary mantel's wolf hall . this would be a book of the year for me whatever format it was read in but this was convenient to hold in bed and on public transport . the others were all read conventionally on dead trees : barbara kingsolver's the lacuna , edmund de wahl's the hare with amber eyes and tea obrecht's the tiger's wife , which won the orange prize , most deservedly . (actually maybe i should have put the hare on my kindle since the faber paperback fell apart as i read it) . my non-fiction favourite , which i'd been waiting to get in paperback , was james shapiro's contested will , about who wrote the plays known as by shakespeare . (he thinks shakespeare and so do i!)
thrash legends slayer have issued the following open letter to fans around the world :
chris looked left about ten houses and saw the access road to the woods . then he lined up the blood trail on the lawn again , eyed it over the house and trees , and wondered if it were at all headed into with the clearing and the hole that he had almost fallen into .
3 . thirty-one bags
they allowed me to take a quick shower to take all the electrode glue out of my hair . it would take me several days to completely get it out .
a homophone is a word that sounds like ("phone") another word but means something different : to , two , too .
now that the rodent filled furor of brewdog's latest headline grabber has started to subside & the avalanche of press coverage it's created wanes , it's time the look back on their eventful year and ask the question ;
this week i have been trying to defend my lack of religious belief against an onslaught from various believers who seem to think it impossible to be without religion . i admit it , i usually start the discussions but it seems that the very concept of religious belief and all it entails are so ingrained in the psyche of some people that they cannot comprehend that non-belief in any divine power means anything other than just that . first you get all the one-liners (if atheism is a religion , abstinence is a sexual position etc) but they donwordswordswordst really get to the heart of the matter or indeed explain the fundamental differences between belief and non-belief .
one day , like everyone ,
2 . talk about other job opportunities
bubbly actress preity zinta , who is known to wear her heart on her sleeves , got candid with media recently when she spoke about her relationship status and her love life . she revealed that she is dating someone and itwordswordswordss a big secret !
after the 2011 state election , taib had a new problem . his favoured buffer supp crashed out to opposition losing 13 of the 19 seats they contested .
" i think the world has changed a lot since the day marty came into office, " he said . " it feels like it was decades ago . the next borough presidents is going to deal with increasing challenges . "
put in about an inch of water in the pressure cooker and place a steamer rack on it . place the ribs on top of rack and close lid of pressure cooker . pressurized for 15 - 20 minutes until ribs are cooked through and tender . i cook them until tender enough to pull the bone from the meat freely .
is it poor form just to link to our online listing in my " home tour " tab ? :)
the rise of the far right is to be explained , not in the needs of the capitalist class , but in the fears of the working class , the small capitalists , and middle classes . in europe all these forces find themselves in uncharted territory . the old certainties have gone . europe , and even north america are no longer the centre of the world . instead , power has shifted rapidly , and decisively eastward . a lage part of the crisis in the european periphery is to be explained by this shift , as any attempt to earn a living , around industries that can be located anywhere , and depend upon relatively low paid , unskilled labour is increasingly futile , as it is impossible to compete in these areas with china , and even cheaper labour economies in vietnam etc . the era of cheap money , and credit that ran from the late 1980's only acted to disguise this reality , and now , after the financial crisis , not only has that reality been shattered , but the costs of the pipe dream it entailed now have to be paid .
would you ever try using a ouiji board ?
shadow stalker looked at me , the eyes behind her mask moving to my throat . wordswordswordstough costume.wordswordswords
because today , i step out as a journalist . with a capital wordswordswordsjwordswordswords , because now iwordswordswordsve earned it . now itwordswordswordss not just a far out dream , a fight with advisors , a plea of my parents , a hope in my heart . now itwordswordswordss real . i did it . i finished ! a long 11 years late . but as they say itwordswordswordss better late than never . the 11 years taught me what it was to work , what it was to manage my time , what it was to juggle responsibilities , to find my way , to make me sure this is what i wanted . and if i wanted it 11 years ago , i can assure you i want it more than ever now . seeing my name printed on a glossy piece of paper means more to me than any dollar amount can sum up to . the thrill , the pride , the excitement , the honor wordswordswords now thatwordswordswordss what being a journalist is all about . i hope to educate you , to inspire you , to compel you , to fire you up , to make you aware , to guide you , to help you understand , to make you ask questions , to make you skeptical , to make you believe , to give you hope but most importantly to teach you what you may not know . journalists are the every day educators . educators of whatwordswordswordss going on in the world , educators of health , of business , of fashion , of diet , of tragedy , of government , of you !
wordswordswordsmadam,wordswordswords i would have said , wordswordswordsyour current state of undress is plainly the consequence of an agitated mind . what say i bring you a cup of coffee from yonder cafwordswords , that we may discuss your aspirations in a civilised manner ? nudity is far more likely to yield a satisfactory outcome when combined with friendly negotiation . you will forgive me for taking the car keys with me.wordswordswords
an unusual seven-sided design
won't be the daily death of me
here are pictures from our thanksgiving weekend .
wordswordswordslet it gowordswordswords itwordswordswordss over . . let it be . . gods speedwordswordswords
god save this planet and itwordswordswordss creatures
07 . mienai kyori
last week the husband suggested to me that we have a no carb week this week . he went to mississippi to visit his best friend and knew he'd be over indulging . last year we started the year off with a no carb week , but this year we were running a half marathon on january 15th , so going without carbs the first week of the year was going to be more detrimental than helpful . since we both tend to get tired of the no carb thing quickly i chose all new dinner recipes to try and keep it exciting for us . enter pinterest.com . i did a search on low carb meals and came up with a bevy of ideas . some have been good , some have been okay , nothing has been awful . i've had an easier time this week than in times past cutting out carbs , maybe because i'm more used to doing it now ? i don't know . or maybe i know we're just doing it through monday , so the end is near already .
i went shopping in amazons " free " section and came away with 40 titles ! everything from picture books to psychological suspense with mystery , romance , and memoirs thrown in .
4 cups shredded colby jack cheese
but what of the connection with new zealand i found in the churchyard ? the new forest was not left untouched by both world wars , its woodlands felled for timber or for charcoal (used as a filter in gas masks) , its heathland used for airfields or troop camps , while the coastal areas to the south played an important role in coastal defence and in the d-day landings . as my guide explains , during the first world war , brockenhurst was home to no.1 new zealand general hospital which treated battlefield casualties arriving from france wordswordswords over 21,000 of them . the 108 who died , mostly new zealanders , but some of other nationalities including indians , are buried in st nicholaswordswordswords churchyard along with wordswordswordsthree unknown belgian civilianswordswordswords whose last resting place is marked by a simple stone plaque set in the ground .
send this letter to fifa
what would you do to be able to hit pause in your life ? stop time , even for just a few minutes . the last 7 months have gone by so fast , that sometimes i which i had a personal remote . rewind to re-live those precious new moments , fast forward past the uncomfortable teething times , and press pause to enjoys those adorable cuddles just a little longer .
i wanted to make a mini version of the tart , i've always liked mini everything as i think it is prettier . the tart dough i had was from pierre herme recipe , same one as i used in this lemon tart . i used the same recipe for the passion fruit cream , just substituted passion fruit for the lemon . as expected , the resulting cream is bursting with passion fruit flavor and as smooth as it can be . i made the leftover joconde and cream and raspberry jelly to make the cake version of it and it is equally good !
hope iwordswordswordsll be rocking in my chair
before she had arrived at the event the girls aloud star tweeted about being nervous : wordswordswordshow can i still be nervous about red carpets after 10 (sic) years . . eeek!wordswordswords
i wouldn't be involved with comics in any way without 2000ad .
have you ever heard of a jackalope ? it's a mythical creature from the midwest but we found this little guy in a shop in ballard . when i saw him , i knew i needed him to live in our home . on to the outfit , this was on the first day of october so i dressed in appropriate fall colors .

media excel defines the multi-screen transcoding standard for video delivery across the head-end , cloud and edge video distribution networks . the companywordswordswordss adaptive bitrate multi- screen solutions power more than 18 million live mobile tv viewers daily through the largest us telcos with 99.999% uptime since 2007 .
ahhh . . . .just taking off that hideous counter and getting a nice neutral on the walls did wonders , i think ! *does that uneven , unmatched towel bother anyone but me ? * whiel we were gone doing fun things like this--
it also bears mentioning , that i had a monumental professional photo shoot when i went out of town . it definitely took me out of my comfort zone , but i truly believe that the resulting images will do amazing things for my mental progress/process of acceptance/body image reality/etc . it certainly did some things for my ego !
oh (got the devil on his side)
it is officially week #6 , but i'm dropping the number from my title this week , because every wednesday from now on will be gratitude wednesday !

we have 2 dogs (pugs from the local rescue) and two cats (adopted as kittens from a shelter)
3 . youwordswordswordsd want someone with a good record as an executive , someone who has successfully run orgs or even a continental area . if they had international management experience , all the better . and youwordswordswordsd want to check their actual statistics , not listen to the brags . executive training on the oec , febc and dsec would be vital .
found father danwordswordswords . .
ahem . back to the story : i was in second grade , and somehow my teacher convinced me to represent the class . i still remember the white dress my mom made me wear , with matching white tights and shoes (what was with the all-white ensemble ? *scratches head*) . my dad coached and helped me practice at home . the song was . ..the alphabet song . it goes something like this :
yes , you read that right : the sleep doesn't really happen succesfully until stage 4 ! this isn't a clear formula . yesterday , for example i was between 1 and 2 , and today i am doing 1 , 2 , 3 , just like i did for the last 6 months of the relationship , and the first 4 months of my new-found singleness . i manage to find good coping mechanisms on the ' in-between lots of stress ' times . so i know i'll get to 4 and 5 agan , just not until the mediation has failed , he's taken me to court , thrown all he has at me and leaned on me to give up my job . then someone else can make a decision . scary but true- i'm a realist .
robert pattinson .
put the milk and water into a pot and add 1 1/2 tbsp of the tea . bring to a low boil and simmer for 5-10 mins and let cool down completely .
now i've got to get around to quilting it . that part probably won't be as fast as the piecing , but i've got a month and a half !
to a small sunlit space in front of our house
the evening standard stated the following :
written by twisted ideas
seat 4 : bluesgrinder ($22.60 in chips)
here they are posing together . they are not just sitting around , they are fulfilling their purpose .
everyone in britain has quite rightly heard of stephen lawrence and the white savages who murdered him , but how many have heard about mary-ann leneghan ? this poor white girl was only sixteen years old when she and a friend were abducted , tortured , and raped by joshua and jamaile morally , indrit krasniqui , llewellyn adams , michael johnson and adrian thomas . mary-ann was eventually murdered (her friend survived) .
books i hope to read in april
just another day in the life of little shawn gorman trying to impress the world .
nbc are investigating an edited clip of the 911 call made by george zimmerman .
" look ! can you see through it ? no . if you can't see through it , it's solid . "
him : " let's have a staring contest , starting now! " "
5 . taste the burgoo for salt and pepper , adjust as needed , then ladle into heated soup bowls .
i found out about the book from " the brewers ' journal " for 1940 , which contains a review of it . you can probably guess what followed . i did a search in abebooks and located a copy . (and there was only one , so bad luck if you'd like your own copy.)
iwordswordswordsm sure wewordswordswordsll see him again soon . we had tributes to twin peaks and police academy . and most importantly , the gang finally caught the yin half of the yin/yang killers . whatwordswordswordss next ? will gus finally get some lovinwordswordswords ?
when into the door each foot goes .
do you notice that almost all shopping complexs have started their x'mas decorations ? oh i love x'mas , just can't wait !
then joshua said to them , wordswordswordsdo not be afraid , nor be dismayed ; be strong and of good courage , for thus the lord will do to all your enemies against whom you fight.wordswordswords
primo says i was poor when i was a kid , but i disagree . we lived just fine , but just didn't have luxuries , like going out to eat . his parents had the money to pay for his college . he worked , but he worked for beer money .
14 days
i will post a picture of the completed configurations box as soon as jamie gets a chance to send one across to me (poor sharon & jamie have the long task of emptying the stash and stands out of the car and putting them all back into the shop . . & in this awful weather too :( )
1 can tomato sauce (this is one of those changes wewordswordswordsve made . i like a lot of sauce to dip my bread in , so i added sauce and paste)
2and he laid hold on the dragon , that old serpent , which is the devil , and satan , and bound him a thousand years ,
or , why i hate fanny price
thursday april 1
!/2 cup chopped cashews , toasted in a dry skillet
my attention was brought to this email currently doing the rounds in the transportation sector which i've decided to reproduce courtesy of butch :
for over 70 years , the robert allen group has been the source for the worldwordswordswordss finest fabrics . long recognized as the vanguard of innovation , the company pioneered the broad distribution of fabric books . the renowned robert allen color library , with its exceptionally effective method of organization by color , was another industry first introduced by the company .
we went to the local pet store (co or mart ? you decide) with the intention of adopting a cat who was about the same age as mr . whiskers , but we found this grown-up guy , in the " full flower of his southern metropolitan xtian manhood,"* instead . chez bookhart in its entirety had squeezed into the tiny " visiting room, " and the sheer brouhaha that we produced totally freaked out 2 other cats . kirby , however , sauntered in like he owned the joint , and was unperturbed by the frantic attention of a 2 year old and slightly spastic 8 year old . he sat in my lap , started head-butting my hand immediately , and turned into a big soft gray pillow in my arms .
then we went to the tractor pull . the tractor pull was nolan's favorite part of the fair . he thought it was hilarious when the horses would start to pull . you can't see it in this picture , but the horses were really pulling an old pick-up truck with weight in it . horses pulling a truck ? nolan thought it was great and it kept him entertained through a whole weight class .
i want to instill in them things like giving up their seats for older people , opening doors for others , speaking kindly , making eye contact , responding to greetings , not reacting in anger , and giving up the right to have the biggest piece , the first place , the best prize .
" we shall have world government , whether or not we like it . the question is only whether world government will be achieved by consent or by conquest . " - james warburg (rothschild banking agent 1950)
reading caregiver's blog about faith and hope today couldn't help but lead me back to xtc's ' dear god' . you may find this odd (or perhaps not) coming from one who professes a faith in god (you may not have known that , of course) but i think ' dear god ' is a great , great song . i don't mean to abuse andy partridge's intention in writing this song - i'm guessing that when he says he is an atheist , he means it - but i , for one , have always found faith and doubt to be very close bed-fellows . i've never been one who has been fortunate enough to to be absolutely certain about the things of the spirit all of the time . there is also the added dimension of how angry we can get with god at times - a rage that i find fully expressed in ' dear god' . if you look at the words of the psalmist alone , that all too human confusion and anger is right there in scripture . i suppose it boils down to me being a ' believer ' but a rather rubbish one (i have issues with ' the church' , too) . i hope god will forgive me (he knows there's quite a list of things i need forgiveness for) . and what's more - don't get me started on friggin ' nut-job fundamentalists of any hue .
another had style
no casualties have been reported .
tampopo (japan) directed by juzo itami
wisconsin rapidswordswordswords cellphone ban goes into effect this weekend , but authorities say it is more about educating people than about issuing citations .
hi everyone . how's the christmas shopping coming along ? i got some more done yesterday - whoo hooo , almost there!! ! !
james removes his underwear and melissa smiles . she then removes her underwear and stood there proud .
we left there with dr . g telling
the cd-version also included the alternate versions of " over the hills and far away " and " wild frontier" , as well as an extra track , titled " crying in the shadows" , which fits quite well into the albums overall sound , and could have easily taken the place of " friday on my mind " .
i want to welcome in the new year with a bit of a new twist on my blog . writing is not one of my best points . ..i am a very visual type person . . .
so anyway , iwordswordswordsm running , and a taxi pulls up a few metres ahead , and the driver sounds the horn . for whatever reason , i thought he must obviously be trying to get my attention , why else would he stop and horn ? so i ran to the window , looked in , and i was like , wordswordswordswassup man ? wordswordswords
$14.99 on amazon- total steal for this book
i'm not sure how old the pattern is , but i'm calling the jocks vintage , just because the pattern photo is so old fashioned looking . i made view c , the jocks on the far left of the photo for my 8yo boy .
gramm , an outspoken conservative who opposes the rules , last year managed to kill a similar bill that would have overhauled the community lending laws . the white house insisted that banks be required to have a strong track record in local loan-making as a condition for being allowed to expand into other financial activities .
in addition to developing an evaluation process , it is important to evaluate who are the wordswordswordsbest qualifiedwordswordswords vendors in each of the electronic discovery reference model (edrm) stages (information management , identification , preservation , collection , and processing with review and production , and trial) for which you need vendor services . the short list should include vendors in each and every category of edrm where complimentary litigation support services are required .
i also took my walk yesterday morning ,
investors intelligence advisory sentiment index , chartcraftwordswordswordss measure of newsletter sentiment , showed a smidgen more bearishness this week . the bulls increased to 37.6% (from 37%) and the bears to 28% (from 26%) . overall , very little was changed in the general state of this indicator . wewordswordswordsve seen a decline but not one that is significant enough to match previous correction lows .
sue should also of had a new inkylicious order in now too and she has some fab new embossing folders and dies .
~andrew olendzki
look , i know people do this all the time , completely by themselves , and i consider myself to be very fortunate that i do have such an awesome hubby who really does every thing in his power to come home on time . . . that being said , holy crap can this week just be over ?
- rent a table for your business : table rental costs $25 for 6 hours (contact mr . oshaben at 440-204-1773 or marianne prete at 440-396-7149 by thursday , april 12th) .
the piece on the costa concordia two weeks ago obviously touched a nerve in brussels . within days , we had a protest from the commissioner himself , a note from the commission's head of media services and a letter from professor dracos vassalos , who was mentioned in the piece .
while i'm sure all the stories are great , i already have a favorite . diana peterfreund shared with me an early draft of her story , " foundlings " and i just ate it up . i don't want to give too much away , but it deals with teen pregnancy in a world that's not all that far removed from our own . you know how some dystopian stories are set in these crazy societies that you just know could never really exist here on earth ? well , diana's setting feels eerily plausible , especially after reading some recent headlines . even more so , since i first read it when i was pregnant myself , last year . scary stuff ! but , like , in a good , entertaining kind of way !
then on tuesday(yesterday) lee had an appointment to have his yearly ultrasound of his liver , bladder and kidneys . normally i would go back if he needed help transferring from his wheelchair to the examining table . but with my arm in a sling , i sat this one out . when he came out of the room he had marks over and to the side of his right eye . it seems lee lost his balance so he fell against the table and hit the metal trim . lee said he hit it so hard he saw stars . he said he thought he was going to pass out . this morning he has one heck of a shiner ! he was getting help but they didn't know to wait and threw lee off balance . good news , he'll live ! hehe we talked and realized that this new facility are not used to quadriplegics like him . from now on no matter what i will be with him to make sure he has safe transfers . most of all we can laugh about it and he's ok ! woo hoo ! :0)
no , i didnwordswordswordst go to uga for college (i needed a smaller learning environment if hoped to ever graduate) . however , my sister kept the tedder dream alive by going there . more importantly , she met and became friends with the future mrs . tedder while she was there . so iwordswordswordsm eternally grateful for georgia in that respect as well .
in a devastating analysis it outlines taibwordswordswordss corruption and his lies about what has happened to the borneo jungle and its people . even more significantly , on the eve of the mocs red march , it writes about a discernible change in the mood in sarawak and speaks of real hope of change . this is not least because taibwordswordswordss decades of self-interested destruction and plunder have been well and truly exposed .
by bringing these doctors and surgeons to the modern day site of the gaza hospital , pasquini creates a bridge between the then and now . the juxtaposition between archive footage of the hospital and the modern day scenes are an effective way of displaying the transition that the entire city has gone through .
i canwordswordswordst even pray . i just canwordswordswordst . i am grateful for all of the prayers offered on our behalf , but i just canwordswordswordst pray right now . all of the wordswordswordswhat ifswordswordswords are running through my mind and i canwordswordswordst fathom something being wrong with her . what would i do ? i know that god loves her and loves me , but come onwordswordswordsi just want to get a break . i just want things to be normalwordswordswordsi mean really wordswordswordsnormalwordswordswords for once . so for now , iwordswordswordsll just ride along on the prayers of others . i believe that god understands where i am right now . i believe that regardless of my inability to put together any semblance of a prayer , he is still carrying me through this difficult time . at least , thatwordswordswordss what i hope . i do pray/hope that your little sister will be fine . but what if shewordswordswordss not ?
taxi drivers taking detours is another one .
i hope someone will find this review helpful ! :$
for example , in 2006 when i first looked into this issue , i used rates of 6 percent and 5.625 percent on the 30- and 15-year loans . i found that over a 15-year period , the cash flow savings had to yield 7 percent , or 1 percent more than the rate on the 30-year loan , to just offset the higher interest rate on the 30-year loan . this can be termed the break-even return on the cash flows . to come out ahead , the borrower has to earn a return above the break-even return .
they finally published their nutritional info after refusing to do so for many years . itwordswordswordss probably because a standard burrito there with cheese and sour cream weighs in at 970 calories . even now , they have a very defensive disclaimer on their info insisting that their calories are far better for you .
one love .
unlike a game such as god of war 3 or mafia ii where your characterwordswordswordss destiny is pre determined and you are playing through *their* story , with alpha protocol you are creating your own version of michael thorntonwordswordswordss life .
august 30 , 2001 ; durban , south africa with the institute for black research ,
wordswordswordswhat is wrong with such a consequence ? wordswordswords i asked . wordswordswordsi only give people techniques or recipes or tools to help them to do what they need to dowordswordswords what is wrong in using the transformation of energy to change those miserable feelings into constructive behavior ? wordswordswords that had been what we had discussed at lunch . i knew that krishnamurti was violently opposed to dogmas , rites , gurus , and ascended masterswordswordswords to all the gadgetry of those organized powers whose aim is to impress the masses with keeping the godhead and its graces as their supreme and private monopoly . but i had no idea that he also objected to psycho-physical exercises , such as my recipes . unaware of this fact , i had innocently exposed myself and my work . now i realized that he had restrained himself during lunch , tactfully waiting until we were alone . he did not restrain himself now ; vehemently , with unspeakable intensity , he spoke .
we were there (at the mall) just to eat . if i wasnwordswordswordst really so busy at work lately , i wouldwordswordswordsve been nosy enough to know that forever 21 actually opened up its fashion doors to the wordswordswordsnorthernerswordswordswords last april 20 .
1 . individual entities of various different scales (not just tiny quarks and electrons) are the ultimate stuff of the cosmos .
saywordswordswords . .i am where i am !
the happy woman says ,
you can't assume that everyone has the same idea about what entails a good lesson , so it is essential that you communicate it from the very first meeting . type up the expectations in a concise manner and distribute them to every member . make sure new members receive them before deciding whether to join or not . (see below for specific things to consider in creating the guidelines)
here's hoping you all will be blessed with good health and happiness in this new year . . . .and as always , would appreciate you comments and visits again .
that is the response to atheists who equate christian love with evil . they either do not understand or refuse to see that love does not involve hate ; those wordswordswordschristianswordswordswords who scheme against others and sin against them are antichrists , because they work against christ . they are not christians at all .
and tell you all just how to think ,
next , place some smallish pyrex dishes (or other ramekin-type dishes) in the water bath . no need for them all to be the same size . you can see here that i used three small ones , a medium one , and three clean baby food jars . why the baby food jars , you ask ? i'm experimenting with them as a way to send custard with my three-year-old to preschool in the fall , when i'll be packing her lunch three days each week . (they turned out perfectly baked in these jars , by the way ! i poured the excess off the full ones into the big pyrex dish so that there would be about 1/2 inch to expand during the baking.)
i am closer to you than you may knowwordswordswords
wordswordswordsyou may be deceived if you trust too much , but you will live in torment unless you trust enough.wordswordswords
make your hero somewhat on the short side . it gives him something to overcome and still come out the hero . while this wonwordswordswordst work for all fiction , it may work for some . if he has to be tall and muscular , what about making him blonde with brpwm eyes ? or even a (gasp) redhead ? in all my reading , iwordswordswordsve never seen a redheaded hero . granted , men with red hair are unusual wordswordswords but it could work . why not try something different ?
if i try to walk him on a leash , he sits down and refuses to budge .
in these times of globalization , even a rather unknown band can spend each and every day on the road with a good label , a good manager and a good booker . sure , having some cds on the merch table is always good , but thatwordswordswordss not the point and that actually is the challenge , for a label .
washington redskins : c+
wordswordswordsin a future chicago , 16-year-old beatrice prior must choose among five predetermined factions to define her identity for the rest of her life , a decision made more difficult when she discovers that she is an anomaly who does not fit into any one group , and that the society she lives in is not perfect after all.wordswordswords wordswordswords goodreads blurb
i love this verse , not because it talks about the peace that surpasses all understanding , but that this peace will guard my heart and my mind . itwordswordswordss on those levels that i make my daily decisions . and , it is those decisions that expose what i really believe about god and his character .
i have been very busy with work , my family , and other commitments . i have had an interesting few days . i came to the realization that i am going to miss it being just me and my wife . however i am very happy that we are about to have a son together . i will love my son unconditionally . my wife and i are going to the midwife wednesday afternoon to get her checked out because my wife has started having braxton hicks contractions . she is still about 4 weeks away to when she can deliver safely with no worries and about 8 weeks away from the due date .
for example , think of george costanza in the episode of seinfeld where he throws the old ladies in their rockers to the ground in order to rush to the door . are you going to tell me it was the messengerwordswordswordss fault ? no . his behaviour was deplorable and his panic was his own fault for being a non-clear-headed individual willing to hurt others just to preserve himself .
if you click on ' videos ' - there are 92 videos there of me performing my poems . if you click on ' for adults ' and scroll down to ' articles by me' , you'll find articles i've written about poetry and writing .
so we are moving inexorably towards transition . all because of your pride .
these kinds of 1930s musicals were designed to take people away from the dreariness of the real world going on outside the movie theater during the great depression , presenting them with gorgeous people moving gracefully through an elegant world , the cares of everyday life of no relevance to them . unlike our modern audiences , which seek to wallow in misery when times are down , these were people who sought the blissful escape that entertainent could provide . and top hat gave it to them , in spades .
18 . memories
so i started with a couple small goals and as time went on i felt that they were too easy and added more . i started with trying to make organic and natural products have more prominence in my life through the products i use . if my dollar counts as a vote i want my to some more than that i grabbed the first thing that i came across at the grocery store . i feel that buying more natural and organic ideas is a way for me to treat my body better and to encourage the people that grow or make the products that it is worth it to grow and that people care .
242 . bite of cassoulet @ teresawordswordswordss next door (wayne , pa) 5:52 p.m .
he places uuism squarely in the mainstream of the american religion tradition , primarily by discussing how it is principally in line with america's cultural bias of individualism .
i hear the whistle , that's the call
all you obey his word
wordswordswordsthere was no ring on her left gand , and the flatness of her breats had already suggested that she was unmarried.wordswordswords wordswordswords now this one confuses me , was she unmarried as she had flat breasts , or because she was not likely to have had children thus creating larger breasts ?
lost in bright darkness , my love is failing .
one of the themes that i tried to emphasize is the importance of being proactive in developing and communicating key messages that you want others to know about your program and the difference that you make in the lives of your adult learners .
if youwordswordswordsre reading this ,
after about 30 minutes of tossing and turning and tossing some more , i thought , " well , i'll go look one more time , and then i'll go to sleep . " i went out to the back deck and flipped on the porch light and , bingo , there she was , wide-eyed and sort of freaked out with a huge puffed-out tail , hunched down behind the chimnea . i said , " diane ? " and i heard a tiny " mew " in return . she bolted back into the house and almost immediately hunkered down on the bed next to me , both of us relieved as hell that she was home .
when we made our way into the cour napoleon , known for its steel and glass pyramid , a few more people were tempting the post-storm night , most of them setting up cameras to capture the emptiness . we strolled among them , marveling how just hours ago this space had belonged to thousands who crowded through it and now it belonged to so few .
here is a vintage birthday card made using a wonderful stamped image from sweet stamps , a couple of cheery lynn die cuts , lots of creative inspirations paints , some sticky back canvas , a little shimmer sheetz , and an outline sticker sentiment .
as for alcohol , that was never forbidden in our household . my parents have always let me have a sip or their beer or wine , from a very early age on (back then , i mostly took extreme humor in taking a sip , making a terrible face , and spitting it out because it tasted so bad , hahaha!) . even now , i have little interest in alcohol , mostly because i can't stand the taste of most beers and wines (although i must admit to liking champagne!) and i think that if alcohol is just a normal thing , not some forbidden substance , teenagers are less likely to go all out and drink themselves to death .
location : crown heights , brooklyn , 3/4 trains to kingston or utica avenues .
the type of agreement selected will determine who or what will own the life insurance . buy-sell agreements also can be set up to allow the business owners to accumulate funds in a tax-deferred permanent life insurance policy . but selecting the proper agreement and determining whether the owners or some other entity should own the life insurance policies becomes more complicated . this article explains how to simplify the process and meet each business ownerwordswordswordss objectives .
friday 3:15 - 4:05- the dynamites featuring charles walker (serious soul and funk fans shouldn't miss this one . . . .seriously . ..horns and old school soul!) wamu tent
interestingly , at the time , i do not recall a great deal of publicity being given to this answer and the attitude it exhibited of the notw towards mpwordswordswordss . it might help to explain the rush of mpwordswordswordss now to assail news international , and helps to make clear why there were only a few , such as tom watson and chris bryant who seemed willing to put their heads over the parapet . however politically unwise mr birdwordswordswordss answer might have been , it canwordswordswordst be perjury . in fact , other than the accusation of bias , his answer might well be true .
so the farmer's wife this week is from ingham county , michigan . i think this is one of my favorite letters in quite some time . she has three daughters , and she definitely wants them each to marry a farmer .
there are few moments when i actually lose control of myself .
in leopard print . . .
authors : joel smith and joanna silver (herbert smith llp)
sister papers city press and rapport reported on sunday that seven of mdluli's relatives had been appointed as ciu agents and were paid from the secret funds .
this year i plan to try a mix of garlic and chili peppers soaked in water to spray on the plants . i had wanted to avoid this because i was worried it would affect the taste since i mostly grow edible plants but i think iwordswordswordsm left with no choice .
this is where the yoga magic happened . as soon as i walked into the hot room , i felt better than i had all day . i think the girls at the studio should offer a time slot where people can just come in and hang out in the hot room .
any good advice ? please share !
truly . . . i'm not a stalker .
the manual searching and comparison of fired bullets and cartridge cases became an impossible task to manage . there simply wasnwordswordswordst enough manpower or time to analyze those exhibits according to the established protocols . a canadian firm , walsh automation , offered a solution and soon every ballistic lab in the country had an automated system installed , known as ibis (short for wordswordswordsintegrated ballistic identification systemwordswordswords) .
fast-forward to 1969 . another league star (albeit at the time , a different league , at least for the next year) joe namath , was threatened with suspensions and a ban from the league for his ownership of bachelors iii , which was reported to have some wordswordswordsconnectedwordswordswords clientele . now , at the time , namath was as big of a star as there ever was in professional football . he was fresh off his super bowl iii upset of the colts , and there was talk that this was rozellewordswordswordss sour grapes towards the upstart aflwordswordswordss biggest star . namath eventually sold off the new york location , but kept all of the other franchises of bachelors iii . why did the nfl give namath the ultimatum ? rozelle did not want professional footballwordswordswordss biggest star (and most recognizable face , due to his marketability) having any association with that seedy underbelly .
i think keller highlights something really important here about christians and art . he is echoing cs lewis and francis schaeffer on this as well . but great music and great art canwordswordswordst lead you to believe life is meaningless because they express something of the reality we are in wordswordswords the need of a saviour . what better people to show them the true saviour then christian artists in our churches ?
but grass includes rice , wheat , hay , oats . take grass away and the world quickly starves to death .
by kj mullins .
one for peter , two for paul ,
closing remarks
but , thanks to eli , i'm the talk of the town .
an important note : one of the reasons democrats , leftists and avowed marxists so easily steal away our rights in this country is because wordswordswordswe the peoplewordswordswords have grown largely ignorant of the rights that are ours to begin with : and many of those who know our rights only know them abstractly . for example , many citizens know that we have religious freedom yet arenwordswordswordst familiar with the way the first amendment is worded . so they donwordswordswordst understand that the amendment doesnwordswordswordst just recognize our god-given right to religious freedom , but actually bars the government from interfering in our religious exercises . (in other words , when the first amendment says wordswordswordscongress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion , or prohibiting the free exercise thereof,wordswordswords it ties the hands of government , not the hands of the people . yet in our ignorance wewordswordswordsve allowed these things to be reversed.)
beat egg whites with cream of tartar until soft peaks form . beat in sugar , 1
a : fish
i originally found this recipe from giada here , but we ended up changing it around a bit . half of it we used prosciutto , and half we didn't (due to cyndie being vegetarian) . they are pretty time consuming to make , but worth it in the end !
into that awful place.wordswordswords
have you been watching the voice ? your thoughts ? do you think about technique when you write ?
_____yes i got your friend request . i didn't see the " whatever " button and " confirm " didn't sound right (friend request quote status)
brown the sausage , breaking up while cooking . drain grease . combine the sausage , beans and salsa . spread over bottom of 9-inch pie plate or casserole dish . top with the cheese . bake at 400 degrees f for 15 minutes or until hot and melty . top with the tomatoes and green onions . serve with tortilla chips .
* develop an attitude of gratitude
so , guess what- this is breastfeeding related after all !
we love you , and happy birthday , precious !
as all sitcoms must eventually denegrate into soap opera-ish love triangles , it is important that these triangles at least conclude before the series ends . they are a waste of time enough , but without closure it would be a damn insult .
--capital paint & decorating
1 . which way are we going ?
so just because i can here is a few " pear " thoughts from around the world
i decided to try the menu and also to have another beer .
3) the waste land being improved will bring plenty of commodities that will help to lower food prices .
oh no sir-ee ! this lass couldn't pop online and purchase said doll from some gorgeous and super experienced doll making soul from etsy or other land of crafty goodness.oh no no no ! i like to torture myself with endeavours that will no doubt illicit a cacophony of very colourful language before the end . me own serf! ! !
when : early october
but now he's gone and we're through
i wonder how long i can keep up this shoe challenge every day ?
while it has been quite a busy wedding season , we've also been working behind the scenes developing a brand new look for the laura hooper calligraphy website and a lucky orchid wedding blog ! on our new site you will find more invitation suites , more maps , more event signage and more information on all the the laura hooper calligraphy specialties !
i eat it as i walk down bay parkway
indy came along shortly after we got maui . you could say she adopted us . she was a stray in our neighborhood . a very mean stray , i fed her for a long time but could never get to close (she would hiss and growl) . then one day when we were getting our house painted the painters tossed her in our house thinking she was ours . we took her to the vet and reported her to the police to see if anyone was missing her but no one claimed her . at the vet we got her a check up , all her shots and had a bullet removed that was lodged in her hip and then brought her home to begin the lengthy task of socializing her . once she realized she could trust us and she was safe she was glued to our side all day and night . she was our little princess and her and maui became best buds .
2 tbsp garlic finely chopped
so much of that behaviour is fear driven . and writing that almost brings me to tears because its not something i am comfortable admitting . that someone like me , with my dogged head-on tackling of everything this life has thrown at me , might still harbour unfounded fear .
these guests , as one might guess , are ranked households per respective income , and then gathered into groups of 20% , or quintiles . and the couscous , of course , is total gni . yes , the richest 20% captured almost half of gni in 1999 , while the poorest 20% could afford only 6.53% of the national income , and 10 years later , the richest increased their share to the expenses of almost everyone else .
i , ever the sugar fiend greedily tore into my ice cream as he , the refined european took to it like a scared bird . i learned to slow down--even if it just involved ice cream . and there we sat . talking . not talking . just being . he did this a lot at home , he said . how mature ! how european ! sign me up , please !
i am at a loss of words of wisdom or comfort . i am hoping that by reminding those of us who work and play with children to remain caring and compassionate , that a little bit of the culture that supports harassment , bullying and violence will be weakened .
the only thing iwordswordswordsm having trouble with is positioning , which is why i suspect that everything in the design is getting thrown out wordswordswords i think it could have something to do with the embedding of youtube video that i had a go at as well . so easy to embed youtube vids wordswordswords i really am learning something , however small , every day doing this stuff .
originally i started a yarn stash because i lived too far away from decent yarn stores , but now that i realize my rhythm is off-beat , so to speak , and if i had to do it over , i would purchase as needed with the exception of your basic colors . live and learn . but in the meantime , i'm going to work my stash down like nobody's business . :-)
confirmed speakers include baroness wheatcroft of blackheath ; deb leary obe , ceo , forensic pathways ltd ; cathy walker . head of public sector marketing , fujitsu services ; sheila elliott fcca , mba , lpnlp ; director bss group ; turly humphries , ceo , circle sports ; sonia brown mbe (founder nbwn and sistatalk) and jenny mcdowell , manager , business networks external affairs , lloyds banking group wordswordswords commercial .
never forget that you invited them into your life , it was your choice , not theirs .
from there , we separated the chicks into kristina's family's and ours . kristina , emma and elsa had order a variety and were they ever cute . visiting from california , emma and elsa's great aunt ellie joyously joined our little parade . we oohed and aahed , taking plenty of pictures . click click click . how precious to hold new life right there in our very own hands . how can one do anything but smile ? peep peep peep .
i know the rules of wedding etiquette--the mother of the groom is supposed to take the lead from the mother of the bride--but l is all excited--this is her first born getting married (and the first wedding in the family of this generation) and she is super excited . she's selected half a dozen dresses already--(some of which she has gone so far as to purchase!) and my dd feel it likely she will find a half dozen more . i haven't even started looking --except in the most casual way--(window shopping) !
this wordswordswordssubjectionwordswordswords is not wordswordswordswillingly,wordswordswords i.e . creation made no sinful decision that caused this to happen . thus , in a certain sense , creation is not wordswordswordsfallen.wordswordswords however , it is subject to the same wordswordswordsfallenwordswordswords existence that we know . were fallen human beings to live in an unfallen world , our catastrophe would be greater (perhaps unredeemable) . little wonder , however , that creation groans . that it tolerates our footsteps is a sign of great patience and love .
i'm walking on eggshells again . . . . . . . .
- 12/27/1941 : chased the oil tanker ss connecticut (near the columbia river)
07 duende (the soil is closer than the sky)
you looked at me
god has and is blessing me . each moment of breathe is a gift . every ounce of blood that circulates through my body is a gift . the movement of all my limbs is a gift . the ability to think and reason is a gift . the fully functioning bodily organs that cooperate with each other in making my body move about without any strenuous energy on my part is a welcomed gift . this body temple operates according to the masterwordswordswordss plan and i rejoice ! i rejoice because i do not have to figure it out , it just works in its divine way .
and at 10.29 on 30th july 2010 , after long and careful deliberation , mr . (or could it be miss ? hmmmwordswordswords) banerjee replied :
royal ascot is the preeminent fixture in the flat racing calendar . every jockey , trainer and owner prays , hopes and dreams for a winner on the hallowed ascot turf . the worldwordswordswordss best horses test their natural talent at the berkshire course in the hope of being recognised as a genuine champion . for punters , picking out the winners is as difficult , however the stable view blog tipping guide will guarantee you success over the five days of the royal showpiece tipping the big winners in the big races .
a gate overgrown with greenery is the first clue that diners are about to enter a secret garden . justin explained that he wanted to create a deliberate escape for harassed and harangued city workers .
wordswordswords next comes the dreams and plans for a wedding .
always stay in your lane when you are working for narcissistic boss . the immediate gains that you get will be at best be temporary and the long-term effects can be devastating . just relate to them on a professional basis . donwordswordswordst let their false promises and invitations lure you in . do your job well and stay in your lane . maintain proper boundaries and you will survive the narcissistic boss .
said goodbye to katarinawordswordswordss ma and pa . paid for tonight . will catch 7am catamaran ferry to split . need to finish off the bieljo vino from last night .
iwordswordswordsm really trying to change my ways and be more open . i want to set a good example for my children . but itwordswordswordss hard ! (iwordswordswordsm even a little nervous about writing this post for the whole world to read!)
simple and sweet .
tender strokes on my brow
in a large saucepan , heat the olive oil on medium heat ; add the garlic and saute for about 30 seconds (careful not to burn) . add the fava beans , a sprinkle of salt and pepper and saute on low for just a few minutes . they are young and tender to begin with , so very little cooking is required . sprinkle with any additional salt or fresh pepper to taste . . . voila . buttery and nutty flavor , but with an ever so slight bitterness , you can eat them warm or cold , steamed or smashed . . .
both women were allowed to bond out of jail on their own recognizance , mincks said .
i contacted the person whose account was hacked . he was adamant he hadn't bought the item .
points the psychic connection to primal paradise
jesus says that he is the good shepherd ; he knows his sheep and his sheep know him , and he will lay down his life to protect them . he says he has other sheep , which are not of this sheep pen , and he must go and get them . there shall be one flock and one shepherd . jesus obliquely tells the crowd that he will eventually be killed , and raised back to life : wordswordswordsi lay down my life for the sheep . wordswordswords only to take it up again . no one takes it from me , but i lay it down of my own accord . i have authority to lay it down and authority to take it back up again . this command i received from my father.wordswordswords the jews are divided hearing this . some of them accuse jesus of being both demon-possessed and raving mad , but others remember jesus miraculously healing a man who had been blind from birth only the day before , and say that no person possessed by a demon could have done such a miraculous thing .
i also embossed the circle marci is on with hearts .
i have had to insure my " extremely dangerous " organ
the student in question was found with only a toy gun on him .
if this hot , muggy weather continues we will really be looking forward the the cooler days of fall ! yikes it's coming fast as it is . .i shouldn't be wishing the summer away like that !
the continent had only been discovered 17 years prior and was on the other side of the world . i'm going to australia this summer so i'm tackling this history again .
apparently , hailey was cold and wet . the barn we ordered hasn't gotten here yet . so tatum took pity on her and gave her a jacket . that poor sweet child . . . she has such a big heart . i just love her so much .
strange packaging is my first young adult novel . itwordswordswordss about a half american/half korean singer by the name of micha west who has been recruited by a korean entertainment manager and brought to korea to be a part of an up and coming pop group , revolution . despite what manager hyun-gi rahn says , the current leader of the group , arrogant and spoiled ran-hanuel doesnwordswordswordst think his group needs a fourth male singer , since hyun-gi originally went to america to recruit a female lead . micha is about the right height and has the perfect look for the group , but if revolution was going to take on a new member it had to be a girl so they could compete against the rival band sensei , who was rocking the crowd with their female lead singer sun-jae na . and he doesnwordswordswordst really know if micha can even sing . micha finally gets a chance to audition for revolution and knocks the three male members off their feet with his deep sultry voice .
sunday . coffee , sandwiches and love . get some .
thumpety thump thump , thumpety thump thump
so just as i was sinking into a pit of despair plan b took over and i used my favourite way of adding words to tags and atc's . . . ..yep word fragments made with my studio g stamps ! my writing is still there underneath but it just adds to the layers ;)
black has been fashionable for eons , particularly in new york , where it is the color of choice for the downtown hipster . it is not uncommon to see individuals who dress entirely in black , head to toe . black is cool , and when in doubt , black is safe . given that thinking , what is safer than to dress entirely in black ?
and leave me feeling vexed) .

. ..all of a sudden , perhaps spawned on by a name painted on a rock , the name ' eden ' pops into my head - immediately followed by ' eden gaha ' .
1 1/2 teaspoons dried oregano
wordswordswordsit has been absolutely fabulous,wordswordswords chatfield said . wordswordswordsit makes me want to go out and do something for someone else.wordswordswords
i'm here to get my baby out of jail
i would imagine that the factual findings of the ftt will be adopted , whether pro or anti rangers , by the spl . as has been discussed on many occasions here and elsewhere , it is possible that the facts could exonerate rfc in terms of the tax case , but condemn them for spl purposes . of course the opposite is possible wordswordswords a comprehensive victory for hmrc and clearance by the football authorities .
1 bayleaf / tejpatta (optional)
by the late 13th century there were around 600 templar properties throughout scotland .
i say this because this is how i hope ellen and reid will treat such living things . my atonement is certainly fodder for todaywordswordswordss letter (alas , yet to be composed) and as is the routine , it will be posted next week . in the meantime , if i could fashion a wordswordswordswelcomewordswordswords sign that is legible to swallowtails and plunk it in the ground adjacent to the parsley , i would .
place the mixture into a large disposable piping bag (i use biggish kee-seal ones) .
on her own sewing machine which she saved up for last year . that girl loves to sew and learn - can't imagine where she gets it from ;-) just look at the concentration on her face . . . . . . !
- excerpt from the great gatsby
i'm here to tell you that an image colored with copics can survive a half a bottle of diamond glaze being dumped all over the image . miss brilliant here had just opened a new bottle , clipped the spout open and thought i had put the top cap back on . so when i twisted the cap to remove it , it was actually the bottom cap i twisted off and proceeded to fill not only her glasses , but the entire image with diamond glaze ! after a few choice words , a baby wipe cleaned her right up . ..well at least to the point , i didn't have to start all over .
aah those sindh mountains we saw driving through the desert - where the university of sindh appears like an oasis , and the indus river , a diminishing gift . dreams should always land up in desert mountains , and drained to the sea . so majestic and serene ; their heat could suffocate . we see the historic city of bhubak . we wet our feet in sindhu . we stop at the tomb of shabaz qalander at sehwan . i like that sufis blended religions to appeal to their followers ' tastes , but this is just a racket now . hundreds lie in the stench of the shrine waiting for biryanis to be handed out . after seeing a community gaunt from water starvation , this display of generosity (and gluttony) is vile . it does not feel spiritual . we quickly give fifty rupee notes to faqirs who pray for us and handle us as like veteran hustlers . there is no god to be found here . no need to pray so hard . there are people living without water and on cracked earth , while the duffers will have their golf courses . we all are a little bit mad . years ago , as children , we visited haleji lake . those were the good days for that lake too , and i remember meeting a family . we gave them saunf and talked to them for hours ; they seemed very poor . the father said his daughter was pulled by a crocodile while she washed clothes by the edge . his face still haunts me . that croc is an endangered species too .
vicente fernandez
i have no clock . i canwordswordswordst tell you when . i can only tell you that it is at hand and it was not when we started with you all those years ago . we passed the marker together and now the work begins .
web : use the google earth plug-in to explore a 3d globe with earth view in google maps and on sites across the web .
serves at least 8
he referred to his time as a u.s . senator and how he had voted for every native american issue that came to the floor of the senate . although president obama was vague about the details of his plans , he seemed most enthusiastic and spoke eloquently about his ideas for helping his " red sisters and brothers . "
and it exploded when president obama rejected the keystone pipeline .
i love the comfort of home with the children playing , the sight of the rain replensihing my gardens and the sound of the pitter patter on my tin roof . . . it's perfect weather to create the sweet aroma of banana bread !
bake for 35-40 minutes , until brownies and cheesecake are set . a knife inserted into the cheesecake mixture should come out clean and the edges will be lightly browned .
mat zain also called for legal action to be taken regarding the electoral roll and for it to be declared void due to the inconsistencies that have been highlighted , and the alleged deception by the ec's leaders .
i'm feeling my inner humbug stir .
a jade moon in the space between stars
leaving his simple-folk farm town life far behind
sad but true .
things get even more mysterious when chia takes konoha to an archery practice to meet shuji . some alumni from the team show up to watch as well , and they rush to konoha when they see him . turns out , he looks exactly like an old team mate of theirs who committed suicide ten years ago -- shuji kataoka ! dun-dun-dun !
this year i was ron swanson . chances are , you don't know who ron swanson is , and that's fine . that indicates you probably have more of a life than i do . but if you want to understand the various bits and wonder of my costume , you can watch the following clips :
i think it is a shame that michael leunigwordswordswordss work is not in print in the uk at the moment . the best chance of getting his books is on abe from australia . he is delightful .
things like telling him i need to go put the clothes in the dryer so he can just stay in the living room and keep playing while i go in the cellar . and he does it .
there were other surprises too , not directly related to such clockwork contrivances . in a standout performance , wayne robson , who plays the recurring character of mike hamar on red green , here plays another convict , wayne wordswordswordsthe wrenwordswordswords rennes , known for his many successful prison breaks . here he exudes not that familiar endearing incompetence but a kind of weary professionalism , oddly reminiscent of richard farnsworth in grey fox . (though farnsworth is probably better known to the world as matthew cuthbert from anne of green gables.)
6 . the gentiles will know israel as a nation blessed of god
last updated : 9:50 am , may 2 , 2012
i just hope that he doesnwordswordswordst get injured representing the frenchies . our players have this thing for getting injured on international duty . good luck to kos100%tackle anyway .
when we got home i carefully selected a place on the bookshelf to store my new purchases . i didnwordswordswordst want to flip through them yet , i wanted to be able to open the first one when i found out i was pregnant for the time and i would open the book and devour its information about what i would be experiencing over the next 9 months .
" it is a peoplewordswordswordss campaign and as such , we would like the whole of society ; individuals , corporate , religious organizations etc who identify with the campaign to use whatever means at their disposal to make society more compliant to the ten commandments.the main thrust of the campaign is to publicise the commandments . it is only by knowing them that we can comply with them "
we all start out wordswordswordsordinarywordswordswords and to me thatwordswordswordss ok . ordinary is just fine if ordinary means original , unaltered , as god intended . ordinary in this sense is unique and full of potential .
as i child , i was apparently so disturbed by and terrified of hair (especially other people's) , i would freak the eff out if , for example , i had a stray hair on my sleeve , and would run screaming to the nearest adult , so that said hair could be removed .
here's the pics
i am sure , that like me , this weekend you really must get some shopping done . i have not stepped one foot into a store yet this year and will have a lot to make up for ! thank the powers that be for online shopping and free shipping is all i'm sayin ' .
my career has nothing to do with arts and crafts . actually it is as far as you can get from it : i have a ba in english and work part time as an english/russian/ukrainian medical interpreter .
start : petersham gate tq182732
the 42-year-old man went home and discovered dung on the doormat . the door had some small dents , and an outer piece of the door was loose . the 42-year-old man didnwordswordswordst see who dumped the solid waste or who banged on the door .
her most recent installation featured her friend , kim's studio at " bitty bits & pieces" . each photo was better than the last , and by the time i finished reading , i was green with envy ! (i want some of those thimble pots!) you'll have to go to the link (her blog name) to read the post to see what i'm talking about . warning : you'll want some , too !
" mary's vineyard " by claude king
i was filled with great joy and delight in observing the faithful christian teaching in my son and his wifewordswordswordss home . their children are receiving a wonderful education in gardening , music , literature , chess , the bible , cooking and eating real food , and the basics of living off the land and within their means . i was truly amazed at what 2 and 3 year oldwordswordswordss know and can do , just because they are their parentswordswordswords first priorities .
i think it's time to update my bucket list and review my year in detail . only then will i be able to see what 2012 might hold for me .
i got to thinking . men , god love them , can have their hooters , but wouldnwordswordswordst it be cool to have a restaurant chain that catered to women ? but not in the male stripper vein ; iwordswordswordsm talking a classy place with napkins you feel guilty getting your lipstick on , and refined , polite waiters who live to make sure you have a pleasurable dining experience .
excuse my french ! but its been a hell of a day ! i won`t go into any detail , but talk about stress ! if i`m not all gray under that hair color then no one is .
the primitives - echoes and rhymes
toss around a few at a time to coat , and carefully transfer them to a baking sheet . i found i liked the texture of the cookies best when i pressed them down into more of a fat disk once they were on the pan . they spread into a much nicer final shape .
i am so glad that there are people out there that makes books for kids with a not to average family life . baby j doesnwordswordswordst know she is any different from anyone else . she nows she has two mommies and she is very happy with that . she know how much we love her and i pray that she will be a very well-adjusted child as she grows up and gets exposed to the rest of the cruel world . but for now we are enjoying these great books .
deleuze , gilles and felix guattari . a thousand plateaus : capitalism and schizophrenia . university of minnesota press . 1987
the roe deer is chestnut-brown , roughly the size of a goat , and native to england . according to the british deer society , itwordswordswordss not too difficult to spot roe deer on a walk in the woods .
get your minds out of the gutter , thatwordswordswordss not what iwordswordswordsm talking about !
since you will not be using sex , you might as well get clear on what you can use . you can use three things .
wordswordswordsunemployment rising , one million young people out of work and living standards squeezed for all but a few at the top . irresponsibility is still being rewarded in huge pay rises and bank bonuses and there are problems that go beyond one government .
anxietywordswordswordss in full swing tonight as i debut a piece of poetry i wrote years ago . itwordswordswordss never seen the light of day . itwordswordswordss as pasty as they come . and yet , therewordswordswordss something about it iwordswordswordsve always secretly admired . itwordswordswordss concisewordswordswordseven rawwordswordswordsin a way only poetry can be . donwordswordswordst get me wrong . itwordswordswordss more worthy of the wordswordswordscriticalwordswordswords than the wordswordswordsacclaimwordswordswords . it might even smack of corniness . (although , honestly , i think thatwordswordswordss a standard feature of poetry . that , and berets . and smoky coffee shops . and snaps instead of claps.) itwordswordswordss also a weird free verse that might not even be poetry at all . in fact , iwordswordswordsm almost positive itwordswordswordss not . nonetheless , it represents the time i started spiralling deeper into depression and social anxiety . the time iwordswordswordsve never quite recovered from . for that , it deserves a good , long breath of fresh air .
(2) its structure and processes are production-oriented ;
japanese people hate temperature .
the only rule is , you have to commit to lighting someone up if even for a second . and in return , i guarantee your heart will become full in return .
august 15 , 2011
serve with coconut chutney .
summer is definitely over , but there's still a fair amount going on in the garden :
unfortunately for the sprouts , yet again they may be hoist by their own petard . the very legal-heavy structure they created means the hungarians could run the commission round in circles for years : without action in response from the orban regime , the european court of justicewordswordswordsthe euwordswordswordss highest courtwordswordswordswill be used by brussels to adjudicate . anyone who has ever appealed to this mad hatterwordswordswordss tea party will know that the third millennium celebrations may well be looming before it makes a decision . after that wordswordswords even if the ecj finds hungary in breach of eu law wordswordswords itwordswordswordss hard to see what the eu or the imf could do about it apart from withhold funds .
we are having a crazy spring .
i love to travel .
caution should be exercised while adding oil also during the process of beating the dough don and rolling . do not be tempted to add more oil . the end result will be oil dripping falis .
i just used regular ol ' paint brushes if i remember correctly , with all the grooves i decided to take the risk of brush marks since rolling would just be one more step . but brush marks really weren't so bad , they were barely visible , since we lightly sanded in-between each coat !
i started a new blog to get famous y'all .
still 100 posts is something to be proud of so i want to thank you all for being so kind as to pop by for all , most or the occasional few of those 100 and i hope to see around here for the next 100 .
so the first thing i had to do was take everything out .
the hens would still be housed in a barn , but they have room to move and perches and nesting boxes . sows are also held indoors , but they would not be confined in the cramped crates while they are pregnant .
first of all i want to apologize for not being able to visit you the last couple of days but again my father-in-law is at the hospital and again our everyday routine has become upside down . i will try to follow up this weekend and the following days .
february 29 , one of our closest friends , horacio boy morales , died . he had been in coma for three months , following a heart attack.we still feel the aching void that he has left in our lives .
i begrudgingly have to give craig this label because a lot of the girls on the show were into him and he did get a lot of play . but he was definitely a manwhore and an insane one at that ! he started out his tenure innocently enough as a kid with an abusive dad . but then he became a rock star and slept his way around the high school . he was then diagnosed with bi-polar disorder and went off the deep end and kicked his stepdadwordswordswordss ass . when he left degrassi to pursue his music career he came back for a hot second as a coke head and all too often toyed with poor elliewordswordswordss emotions . whatta jackass .
one thing about al sharpton , he has a record of championing the side that turns out not to have all the facts and truth . he's a demagogue , but what chance would he have of making money if he couldn't keep people feeling the hate ? if his way had prevailed , in more than one case , innocent people would be doing time , and some would be dead . oh , i forgot , i think some people have been killed due to his instigation and playing on blind hatred . jesse makes his bread off of the same sort of thing . it is shameless and dangerous . certainly no benefit to any group . i won't even address the implications of the latest case . or the fact that he keeps leaving out that the hunted witch of the day is another minority .
penny came next and sashayed down the catwalk in a pair of black patent courts (tamaris , wordswords55) and some mad patent kitten heels in fire-engine-stop-the-traffic red by bronx (wordswords75) .
holy thursday
i never thought i would love nasyeed songs as much as this one .
morgan godfery and i (one , two) have both argued that the policy has racist overtones , in that it is seeking to control the fertility of poor women , and poor brown women , who make up about 53% of those receiving the domestic purposes benefit . the response has been to say , wordswordswordsno , itwordswordswordss not!wordswordswords i would stop short of the word wordswordswordseugenicwordswordswords , but i do think that there are very nasty overtones about controlling womenwordswordswordss fertility , and given the high proportion of maori and pacific island women amongst beneficiaries , a racist overtone as well . this can be seen in the type of contraceptive that is approved for use : it is long-term contraceptives , which controls fertility for years at a time . but more than that , it is the fact that the wordswordswordsfreewordswordswords contraceptives will be available not just for women on the benefit , but for their sixteen to nineteen year old daughters as well . in other words , not only does the government want to stop poor women from having babies , but it wants to stop their daughters from having babies too . the government is extending its control of womenwordswordswordss fertility to the second generation . itwordswordswordss that extended reach that makes the policy worrying .
equipment identity register (eir) :
i personally am not someone who follows back for no reason , i will follow someone back or start to follow someone who i find interesting and generally interact with . i know some people who follow a new handful of people a day , often without knowing or interacting with them , however as stated before it is a conscious choice so why follow some and not others ?
well . i thought i knew just about everything about my horse . i've had him for over 10 years for goodness sakes . but i learned something new . when my horse shuts down mentally because he is afraid , he flies backwards at about 15 mph . which is a lot faster than you'd think .
gidday from australia , my name is emma . i have been scrap booking for nearly 9 years now . i am both a digital and traditional scrapbooker and absolutely love both disciplines .
here is a trailer for this film :
today's offering of portugese custard tarts come from my newest book purchase ' recipes from my mother for my daughter ' by lisa faulkner . i'm really enjoying this book , the recipes are quite simple and it's basically filled with things i actually want to eat .
i wanted to start off by saying the man who wrote this article , cal fussman , is not a journalist . he was not objective , and he was not intelligent in his questions . he was transparent , though , either intentionally or unintentionally because his agenda throughout the piece is clear .
there is no form of fortune-telling or divination that begins with the letter wordswordswordsq.wordswordswords dear me ! whatever shall i do ? oh , i know ! i will make one up . wait for it . . .
that is a very good question . i am not sure i know how to answer that . i never really grew up watching movies and thinkingwordswordswordswow , thatwordswordswordss what i want to do . my acting started as a freshman . .so , about 13 . a friend of mine was signing up for the beginning acting class and urged me to join him . i was really hesitant at first but he talked me into it . i tended to be a class clown in school so my father encouraged me to channel that energy into something other than cracking jokes in class . i remember the first play i ever auditioned for , wordswordswordsthe imaginary invalidwordswordswords . i ended up getting cast in a small role butwordswordswordsthat feeling of opening nightwordswordswordsthe anticipation right before you step on stagewordswordswords.the energy in the room . there is nothing like it in the world and i got hooked . i have been acting ever since . film and tv work came much later . i dabbled in a couple of low-budget productions but it wasnwordswordswordst until i moved to la that i truly became interested . once i moved to portland , i immediately got an agent and started auditioning for any project i could .
i recently had the opportunity to examine a superb vintage balenciaga day coat at the flagship of torontowordswordswordss holt renfrew . canadawordswordswordss most prestigious clothing retailer , holt renfrew , was founded in 1837 in quebec , and has held royal warrants , such as furrier to queen victoria . in the late 20th century , as furs were seen less frequently , and were viewed as politically problematic , the store became better known for supplying designer and other fine clothing and accessories for men and women . among the brands carried are christian dior (a relationship starting in the late 1940s when dior himself visited the store and toronto social scene) , chanel , gucci , saint-laurent , moschino , oscar de la renta , dolce & gabbana , ralph lauren , louis vuitton , and roger vivier . in keeping with the times , and the popularity of vintage clothing , they have offered a diminutive , exclusive collection of pieces by vintage dealer linda latner of vintage couture . the collection consists of a single rack , but is of such quality and so carefully selected , or curated , that it is always a pleasure to view . this is the closest one can physically get to museum quality vintage couture .
oh yes , i bribed him- you better believe it .
i also added one can of crushed tomatoes (w/juice in) and one can of tomato paste
on the sunday of labor day weekend i began to have surges (the hypnobirthing term for wordswordswordscontractionswordswordswords) . they would come 7 or 8 minutes apart for a few hours at a time , then go away for a while . this went on for 2 days . it wasnwordswordswordst painful wordswordswords i wouldnwordswordswordst even say it was uncomfortable wordswordswords just a new sensation i hadnwordswordswordst felt before . i really hadnwordswordswordst had contractions throughout my pregnancywordswordswordsor if i did , i didnwordswordswordst notice them . by the end of day two (sept 5th) , i was more frustrated than anything that this wasnwordswordswordst the real event , so i went on a cleaning rampage to spite myself (another wordswordswordshmph!wordswordswords moment) . we also had the carpet cleaning guy coming the morning of sept 6th , so i spent the evening vacuuming and moving (non-heavy) things around . at 11 am i gave up the vacuuming (iwordswordswordsll finish in the morning) and went to bed .
so here i am declaring my pride in speaking my brummie ! if you fancy learning brummie you can start by learning correct pronunciation by practicing this text (thanks to mds and the article here) - brummie is italicised .
the qf draw has us away at liverpoolwordswordswords
he added that wordswordswordstherewordswordswordss something to be said for an entity which is owned by people who donwordswordswordst look like everybody else . wordswordswords i want my grandchildren to tell their children about what we did at black enterprise and how we brought people together at conferences , and how our women of power conference , which we have every year , is probably one of our most dynamic . you know , black and white women , when they decide to do something , they get on with it.wordswordswords
let's start at the very beginning : sweet baby jacob , born right as 2011 was ending . since he was a winter baby , i thought it fitting to try this pinterest idea on him :
then restart backup exec service .
but in completing the scheduled work , crews found debris inside one of the basins . in the process of cleaning it up , wordswordswordsseveral unfavorable conditions were uncovered,wordswordswords according to a statement from the parks department , wordswordswordsincluding structurally unstable paths and walls that will require extensive technical revision.wordswordswords
548 fillmore st . between oak and fell .
the faustian host is actually my third novel , but the first to be published . i've spent the past ten years trying to pitch several novels , screenplays , short stories , dirty jokes , etc . with no success . after several failed attempts , i decided to try my hand at a young adult novel - something my kids might want to read .
this was taken in july , when it was nice and sunny outside . i was inspired to post this mainly , b/c itwordswordswordss nice and rainy today .
i guess i will start by telling you guys that are soon to follow me a few things about me .
well there you have it . again i apologize for the quality
you may have difficulty believing that giving and a lack of ambition for personal gain can be satisfying . it must be realized and accepted that little long-term satisfaction and happiness is to be gained by rejecting the natural humanitarian inclinations of this path .
but the research is there :
i started thinking about these three words when my pandora station paused because i'd been idle too long . a little notice came up on the screen that said basically " something went wrong . it's our fault . please reload . "
i ran for joy
the guards drag jonah into a large room with a man sitting high above at a control station.the man is reinhold borsten . jonah awakens and borsten welcomes hex to seattle and starts explaining that he is a student of war and all conflict . borsten shows him holographic projections of hannibal and the civil war . he then displays more current history , specifically the great nuclear holocaust that has decimated the earth . jonah goes into an overloaded shock and passes out .
the first photo actually has three subjects in it : the sculpture of the children playing , the beach , and lake okanagan .
hi friends of russ and kristi
ink : memento tuxedo black , rich cocoa (tsukineko) , pear pizzazz , so saffron (su) , distress ink brushed corduroy (ranger) , copic markers
hot sauce(optional) a few dashes , to taste
brazil is in the news today with the announcement that a seventh minister of brazilwordswordswordss current government could soon be forced to resign because of another corruption scandal .
kim : ok , well thatwordswordswordss about it folks . special thanks go to sarah for creating the banners , dr maroon for providing a goodly chunk of the writing for this entry , and to everyone who has submitted scripts , built strips , commented and voted . we love you all *mwah , mwah*
welcome to our camp ! you can enter through the east courtyard . . .
sadly , today is our last day with usha . she flies off to a business meeting early tomorrow and we will fend for ourselves for another day and a half before leaving . in her absence , we will likely wander around aimlessly , let unsavory venders take advantage of us , eat poisonous food , contract malaria and possibly get eaten by tigers .
but to say that we are so very weary of transition is just the biggest understatement of the century . housing is a huge concern right now .
of course it also applies to relationships , with partners , kids and friends . put the time and the love into something and you will reap the rewards .
seeing as my last ms page purchase was a bit gapey , i've opted for the small to fit my 27 " waist . i can't wait for it to arrive !
i should probably apologize right now for how ridiculously excited i will sound throughout this entire post .
i poured out the beer , as usual , in the evening , when the light was crappy . my photos are not worth reproducing , so we'll have to rely on description . it pours thickly , but rouses a nice off-white head . the color is amber , as in the gem , with rich orange highlights . (at least , it does when you hold it in front of a light.) the nose is spicy and alcoholic , quite a bit like an english barleywine .
who always did , cause they shared of themselves
plant something- actually not much . only my sacrificial cucumbers and some melon seeds that i saved from a really tasty honeydew that i picked up at the store . but soon i'll be planting again .
there was nothing outside . the light from the stars made it bright enough to see a long way . i walked around the ice shanty and still i saw nothing . i held a flash light up to the ice shanty wall where i thought i heard the scratching noises . i didnwordswordswordst see any marks .
i was really hoping for more . luckily it's hard to really f up a pecan pie so i was pleased with that .
many british christians of west african extraction are members of church communities that subscribe to a supremely parochial , rigid , heavily moralistic framework of external behavioural output that forbids the consumption of secular music (that previously was restricted to the sounds of western commercial pop) . this is in stark contrast to contemporary anglo-european protestant christianity (of all denominations) which in general terms has embraced modern popular culture with more warmth than might be ideal at times . therefore , there is a major , unspoken spiritual class war taking place across the culture gap but both parties try very hard to keep their real feelings about these sorts of things on absolute lockdown within their respective bunkers . however , afro-caribbean christians who evangelise tend to proselytise towards a highly conservative position in life (but not always in theology) wordswordswords whereas anglo-europeans who proselytise towards a rather more liberal framework for life-practice (but their theology is sometimes much more conservative) .
wait , wait , somewhere in the back of your mind , you remember it . you . you did it . you are to blame .
when it was getting later we decided to do some karaoke and walked back to the japanese district were we got an hour karaoke for 30 euro but since the system was so complicated we wasted like 30 minutes on just trying to make the damn machine work ! still we had a lot of fun and now we know how it works for next time ! around 20:45 we decided to slowly start going back to the station since eivind and i had to travel back . we made a pit stop at a cake shop because sazh and jojo wanted some cake to take to their hotel room and we also made a stop at a bubble tea place . we then went to the station , waited for the train , said our goodbyes and started on our journey back . we were really dead when we got back home little after 0:00 but we still watched a movie and went to sleep
exciting disc jacket art for volume 2 by nobuteru yuuki !

later in the day wifesy said , wordswordswordsi should marry some random dude , just so we can get the deduction.wordswordswords
wordswordswordsthe standard of living must level off,wordswordswords said mcginnis , a lecturer with al gorewordswordswordss climate reality project . wordswordswordsthis country consumes five earths , while india consumes one-tenth of an earth.wordswordswords an wordswordswordsearth,wordswordswords he explained , is the level of human consumption that can be sustained by a population year-to-year .
the reason why this devotional stood out to me was because it set my heart right for the next week . my daughter got sick , which meant one of us had to take a day off from work . (it's quite challenging as a teacher to take a " sick day " because you can't just call in sick , you have to write a full day's worth of subplans.) then my husband and i both got sick from our daughter . this was all very bad timing on the eve of running our first 1/2 marathon .
when my grandfather returned from exile , he brought me a teddy bear from london . i looked at the teddy and instantly knew this was the tokoloshe i always wanted to meet . so my bear got named tokoloshe . i got smacked a few times because i would jump on my grandmother when she takes her afternoon nap and scare her with tokoloshe .

you give love a bad name
peter gowlland has been charged , convicted and summarily sentenced without the right to present his case (cf prov 18:17) . the suspension (which it certainly is) is a manifest punitive action and a public humiliation . mr gowlland is elderly , fragile and very hurt : he and his wife now attend another church . he is not exercising his ministry .
we analyze the alternatives . what else can go wrong ?
the family foundation will be lobbying that state's general assembly this year to change current no-fault divorce laws for straight married couples with children . these faith-based busybodies want virginia law to require both parties to agree to divorce before a marriage can be terminated .
code : simplex chime : marchtime chime ( it rhymes!) . 9806 : marchtime .
1 . be a follower of everything under the moon .
and this is not to be reckoned a small or cheap inheritance , as if it were distinct from our heavenly dwelling , since it is no other than these who are understood to enter the kingdom of heaven .
~ spoon into a 9 " tube pan by sequence . gently shake the pan alittle to even the top .
1354 **d-vii/3/2000 . wordswordswordsthe declaration of independence revisited.wordswordswords alumni reunion , basic program of liberal education for adults , the university of chicago , lorelei hanson residence , geneva , illinois . (incorporated in item c-2000(9) , above , pp . 66-86.)
they went well with my beer .
after a long day with actual errands included we got home , unpacked the groceries and were then visited by my father and two half sisters . not that i see them as that , itwordswordswordss actually extremely weird to write that down . they are my baby sisters , the ones i love to mess with , and say i will throw into the lake with the alligators . so with dad and all three sisters in tow we went for a ride that took 2 or so hours of our day . just to arrive home , and send out to buy dinner and rent a movie .
m : good , thanks !
what a dilemma . in a good way , of course . the dilemma alone is something to be thankful for ! to have an abundance of fresh apples and pumpkins , plus the ability to make a gluten-free vegan homemade treat from a warm and cozy kitchen . very , very thankful for the abundance of food and pleasures that we are able to have . much to be thankful for , and much to share .
i shake me head and pull back from me temporary position within the side of the hedge . tony has a look of exquisite anger on his red and lagered-up face wordswordswords
despite receiving terrorist training in czechoslovakia and the ussr he never became a communist and was distrusted by joe slovo and chris hani as anwordswordswords informer for the boerswordswordswords . ..which indeed he was . all his enemies ended up being wisked away by the apartheid security police .
overall my first foodie pen pals experience was an awesome one , and i am definitely looking forward to participating again next month . are you interested in participating yourself ? check of the details below
of course there is also my lovely carousel on the desk - which i wouldn't do without .
notable among these was eva tanguay , whose salome has eclipsed hoffmanwordswordswordss in the popular memory , due to the fact that she stripped down to almost nothing and made love to john the baptistswordswordswords severed head . another notable one was the female impersonator julian eltinge . and not too long ago , the countess and i watched alla nazimovawordswordswordss 1923 silent film version . the latter is a spectacle both beautiful and bizarre , with designs by natacha rambova evoking aubrey beardsley original sketches . the theoretical centerpiece , however , the dance of the seven veils , is curiously boring and anti-erotic . the film tanked at the box office , though nazimova was one of the great actresses of her age .
what's next ? that seems to be the burning question . now that i've hit those 5 years of service , it seems like the only thing anyone can ask me about what i'm planning on doing next . no , i have not gotten my masters degree . the main reason is that i have no clue as to what i want to study . i'm dutifully paying off my undergraduate student loans and am , unfortunately , not really eager to take on more debt any time soon . that's probably most of why i'm not too crazy about going back to school . i love the idea of going back to school , but not the reality .
christmas was so hard without you . i watched your cousin who is only three weeks older than you and wonder if you would be walking like him and if you would be getting excited the way he did and all the other things that i saw . i wonder what you would look like would it still be like me or would your looks change and you start to look more like your daddy . these are just a few of the things i think about everyday and the holidays made it harder being around everyone and seeing them with their kids and wondering why we couldnt have ours with us . then my birthday came around after christmas and well lets just say it wasnt the best knowing that you should have been here with me well it just wasnt great . then we have v-day and although i love your daddy more than any words could say i still wish that you were here with us to celebrate so there again it wasnt the best .
those who have one thing in their heart , and something else in their mouth , are judged to be false .
" i'd like a google of vegetarian pizzas . "
iwordswordswordsll live with all the stakes
logan forsythe sd s 20
for a moment everything stops
love the bird , love the comet
black olives , sliced
erm , not so fast . the flip side of this gold coin is what players do when something new goes live : jump all over it . that means some players are going to be looking for pets when it launches because they wonwordswordswordst have collected very many . or , theywordswordswordsll fight a pet theywordswordswordsve never seen and want it . so those players might actually pay more . actually , i can guarantee you some will .
14 being
her chin tilted up just a fraction , and ramsey almost laughed with delight at the defiant way she played the game so well .
the bronze drake is a guarenteed drop as long as you get to the boss in time . you just have to win the roll . if you take a buddy or two with you it should be easy to get it .
now , i grew up with kevin conroy as the voice of the animated batman from batman : the animated series on through to justice league unlimited . i own all those series and movies featuring his voice as the dark knight . i even hear his voice when i read batman in any comic book . however , bruce greenwood was tapped to voice bruce wayne / batman here , and i was not at all disappointed or put off by it . greenwood inhabits the tone of both the character and the story excellently . much credit is to be given to screenwriter judd winick for capturing the essence of batman here , but greenwood slips into the proverbial cape and cowl smoothly . in true batman style , he expresses his heart in subtle , brief moments . similarly , john dimaggio absorbs himself into the joker . at first , i wasnwordswordswordst entirely certain if i was hearing veteran joker voice actor mark hamill or not , but dimaggio brings a deeper voice to the microphone that makes batmanwordswordswordss archenemy more unsettling . hewordswordswordss a little darker , more heath ledger like in his portrayal , but still delivering the exuberant insanity that hamill was a master at . it is a very appropriate portrayal for this darker edged story .
copeland borough council can be emailed at info@copeland.gov.uk or called on 0845 054 8600 .
helllooo everyone !
please excuse the self potraits . whenever i get the idea to take a picture i'm usually home alone with the kidlets .
next thing i know , i hear " mommy ! aaahhhh ! white doggy ! help! "
q : what passport did he travel under ?
06/25 wordswordswords new york , ny @ highline ballroom
" my center is ever at your assistance . " - bill shakespeare
set scsi_options=0x7f8
i read literally hundreds of books a year , most of them teen or upper middle-grade . (i am not exaggerating . on a good day with no interruption , i can read three full teen novels in a 10 hour period.) i don't like books with kids getting molested , or that have incest , or include gory , unnecessary violence , so i don't read books like that . yet , i still manage to read tons of books every year .
if you can convey both excitement and urgency while getting people to trust and believe in you , youwordswordswordsll have a sure-fire formula for success . ramp the vibe of the emails up over time , with the language and copy getting stronger and more urgent the closer it gets to the actual launch date .
miso marinated salmon , fail miso grilled aubergine which didn't brown and i couldn't be bothered to do anything about it
featuring the voice talents of hal smith and jean van der pyl (who was the voice of wilma flinstone) and written and directed by tony benedict , this production from modern sound film tells the story of a park ranger who shares the story of christmas with two bear cubs who are determined to stay awake so they can see santa claus .
- finely diced onion
let's take the key of c again as an example , looking at the illustration above , you will notice that note i on the key of c is c , note iv is f and note v is g .
i consider it one of my favorite places in the world , but california's low desert has always been a bit spooky and melancholy to me . as we often drive the coachella valley into palm springs , i find myself growing quiet , almost solemn as i stare out the car window and into its vastness . that movie scene probably has something to do with it .
craft beer pubs blog post is on the back burner - i really wanted to get the next blog out there while the fire burns bright in my heart about it
i think they call that , talking out of both sides of your mouth .
all of us are at some stage on the road to eternity . as believers we are assured of it . there are some who are content to remain at the starting point ; content to live as they have been living all their life . such a person truly is not even trying to fulfil godwordswordswordss eternal purpose . then there are those who havenwordswordswordst even started out on that journey to heaven . they have rejected the idea that all are sinners even though romans 3:23clearly states that wordswordswordsall have sinned and come short of the glory of god.wordswordswords having rejected that god-given fact , they also reject romans 6:23 , where it says , wordswordswordsthe wages of sin is death but the gift of god is eternal life.wordswordswords
it's off-white , with a blue suede collar , made in england and of very high quality . my father was not a large man , but he was certainly larger than i am ; still , i put the coat on and it fit , in a way . it made me look quite blocky--it had no waist or belt--but my hands slipped easily into the pockets and if i wore a sweater under it , it would work . " i'll take this, " i said .
can you look in a mirror and be ok with what is looking back at you ? if you are not applying your values in an honest and consistent manner , the answer would be no . integrity is something you have to exhibit all the time . you can not have integrity 1 day , not exhibit it the next day , and expect people to trust you .
lycaohn wordswordswords leveled my worgen rogue from 80 to 82 , with some boas . lycaohn i am leveling as subtlety . shadowstep is so fun and perfect for the lazy melee .
* osha 10
i treasure this can of powder not only because it's cool , but because it's a key that opens the gate to a whole flood of precious memories .
wordswordswordslet me see if i can make out what youwordswordswordsve writtenwordswordswordswordswordswords
at another place , biswas goes on wordswordswords wordswordswords a new country , a new city . double-decker buses , trams , the kalighat temple . the liver and leg pieces at butcher mohandawordswordswordss shop . and then at some point , i think about my childhood homestead . sitting with a fishing rod by the bank of nabogonga . i remember and think a lot about sitting with bhombol , the dog and cleaning its ear-wax . before my mother was cremated in the grounds at satdoa , her pillow and madoor ( mattress) was thrown in the forest . i feel that they are still right there.i can clearly see the state of the madoor , the shape of the pillow.but i dont have a passport.wordswordswords
wordswordswordswhat is this , some sort of a gag , sister ? wordswordswords
if low upkeep and expense is appealing to you , then you need to truly take into consideration an electric mower . if you have an electric outlet to charge a battery then you can simply use a cordless mower . forget about obtaining and storing gasoline at your property .
" you sure ? "
1/3 cup unsweetened dutch-process cocoa
fast-moving - we can tell from your results that you are a speedy surfer - one of the characteristics of the web ostrich , whose real-world counterpart has an impressive top speed of 45mph .
well , not cool at all . in fact , it made me so angry and hungry (in both meanings of the word) that i promised myself that i would come back some day and treat myself to a buryaani when these seniors were at college .
made some effects on the layout by stamping the dotted stamps from tim holtz using the white chalk ink
judy wise
in recent years pork belly has appeared in almost every restaurant , but long before it became the appetizer du jour , it has been a staple in asian cuisine . this is one of the japanese classic recipes that i made recently when my friends and i all got together . my friend mc taught us all how to make buta no kakuni ! while this dish takes a while to make , it is definitely worth the wait . the pork falls apart in your mouth and it sooo good ! oh and she just started her own blog too ! itwordswordswordss slow carb focused , check it out here !
so , the teacher is in the meeting with us , the principal and guidance counselor . everyone is all lovey-dovey and the teacher will now send letters home every two weeks with student progress (for everyone in the class) . i really wanted to give the principal an earful about a problem teacher that is causing problems for me and my family , and the school knew about it for at least one previous year . this is one of the problems we have with the teacher's union and tenure (hopefully soon corrected by governor christie - love that guy) . i'm still thinking about writing another letter to the principal stating this . do i want to do the noble thing and try and prevent this from happening to next year's 7th and 8th graders ? i'm thinking on it .
and now i'm sitting here , as the rain pisses down over the arsehole of france , hearing the apeish guffawing of the men outside , watching in awe as the lightening crashes down over the town - i actually stared into the centre of the lightening , like i was looking into the eye of god ! and the thunder just set off a car alarm . a coincidence ? maybe . but i prefer to think it was his will .
there is some debate as to whether or not 426 henry is the correct house , though . you can read all about that in my other post : winston churchill's mother jennie jerome was born in cobble hill , but in which house ?
in a large bowl mix ricotta cheese and cooked spinach and set aside .
isn't she awesome ? :) and because the people of sourcebooks match jessica's awesomeness , they've been kind enough to offer one gorgeous finished copy for one very lucky winner ! it's only open to canada and the us (i'm really sorry , international followers!) , and it will close next friday on the 27th of april .
i canwordswordswordst elect me . no one would elect me .
3rd begets 4th (40,000 becomes 80,000)
mercy has changed a lot over the course of the series , and it really shows in river marked . i love how she's changed , through her relationships with adam , the pack and her other friends like stefan , and also by the events she's been through . river marked shows us a more emotional side of her than we've really seen before , and also shows the strength of her relationship with adam . and while we don't see too much of the rest of the beloved side characters , they still have some little developments going on in the back ground . i'd be very surprised if stefan doesn't end up playing a more central role in the next book with some of the snippets we have here .
midnight run (george gallo)
of course they will , as subjects of the kingdom . they will be located within the territory of the kingdom .
we weren't , of course . we were , all of us , on stand-by 24 hours a day , if brian needed us . what he wasn't ready to say could wait , and that remains true today . maybe we're not done . maybe we are . no matter what , we are all unconditionally available to brian , and to his comrades , and to one another .
-keywords are key to optimizing seo . davis taught the class how to use keywords and how to choose them to keep our websites on the top of google search results .
add s&p , lemon zest , garlic and olive oil
through this special offer from purex , you could be reading hundreds of exciting articles published in o , the oprah magazine . read about health , relationships , books and more ! sign up and receive a 1 year subscription of o magazine for only $10 !
i have had this one place in my living room that really needed something , but everything i purchased didn't look great . so , i decided to make something . this is one of my most favorite quotes , it helps me remember not to take the everyday grind of life too seriously . i need to look at it everyday ! and what better place than in my living room ? !
and how fun is that our medalists are from all around the world ! ? i love the global spirit of handmaking !
here is another inspiration worthy alphabet party . the awesome thing about an alphabet party , is that you can stick a letter on something and it fits the theme . easy peasy . i'm not huge in to things being too ' themey ' so this was a great one to go middle ground on .
he got in again .
08 . medusa
one thing to bear in mind here , i think , is that although the bond novels are obviously a series , they're also designed to be standalone , and lean much more towards the latter design than the former . you can pick up any bond book and dive in , with no knowledge of previous books required . historically , particularly in the years before the internet made finding out in which order to read books in a series a hell of a lot easier , that's almost certainly the way they were read wordswordswords bought at random , devoured equally haphazardly . in which light , bond's romancing of a different woman in each book perhaps isn't so objectionable : for many readers , there wouldn't have been a previous book to compare it to .
i turned this one down very quickly . e5 is the best player in the deal right now , i canwordswordswordst trust headley (hewordswordswordss on the padres = no offense) , gallardo is really struggling (but a buy low candidate) and balfour is likely to be traded (and may not be a closer on the new team) . i just feel i can do way better than this for e5 .
ian was a mouth breather
today i am excited to share a few photos of the finished dining room of my " timeless kitchen " project . there are still a few details getting wrapped up in the kitchen so it may be a week or two before we are photo ready there .
after a decade of wordswordswordswar on terrorwordswordswords rhetoric wordswordswords and president obamawordswordswordss failure to reverse many of george w . bushwordswordswordss extrajudicial policies wordswordswords the u.s . public has come to accept that american wordswordswordsexceptionalismwordswordswords puts the nation beyond the reach of international law , as nat parry explains .
last night , i managed to speak to the man i wanted to interview about the alleged fraud , and whose house i was outside when i was attacked . he said : " i am not going to talk to you about this . why have you been knocking on my door . you don't disturb me . if you knock on my door again i will take you to court . "
with seed accelerators proliferating all over the world , one wonders if the talent pool at each individual accelerator will become severely diluted . though it is impossible to gain data about the success of companies grown from seed accelerators that have not yet had the opportunity to flourish or flop , one can surmise that more startup accelerators will mean fewer success stories from each specific program . when ycombinator had less competition , it meant that they got their pick of the litter . nowadays , founders may not want to schlep to silicon valley if they are confident that they can still make it in their home cities or countries .
i am super sorry i did not use one of their cute images but i am waiting to get some copic paper in . i happen to be one of those people that likes to stamp or print off a few images and get started on coloring . i color skin and hair . i try hair combos mostly to see which i like better and try different hair stokes . i must say i bought all of krista's newest images and went crazy with my last paper . only to find out i hated the way i colored all their hair except one :( . i have some neenah paper which bleeds a lot (i am not an experienced colorer . . . i know i color good but it normally take one or two tries before i get a finished image) . i love x-press it paper . i need to try some make it crafty paper but that is an even longer wait !
the important thing about casual sex is that you are isolating all of that intensity to a single experience . it empowers women to understand how much value there is in the act of intimacy and also teaches women that they , like men , can enjoy the act of sex and appreciate the experience as a separate kind of interaction with opposite sex . it isnwordswordswordst about the emotional connection you feel in a relationship .
liz claiborne short boots - goodwill (they looked new!)
to fill in a few more details : after the eviction , a temporary restraining order was issued by judge lucy billings holding that ows must be allowed back into zuccotti pending the results of a hearing to be held later in the day . this order was issued at 6:30am and , one source says , was served on mayor bloomberg by 7:50am . the protesters returned to the park to re-occupy the park , but police had blockaded it off and refused to let them in notwithstanding the court order . for reasons as yet unclear , prior to the scheduled hearing , the case was transferred to judge michael stallman . that judge held in favor of the city at approximately 4:30pm .

my lips whispered the silent lyrics .
a . words create impressions , images and expectations . they build psychological connections . they influence how we think . since thoughts determine actions , therewordswordswordss a powerful connection between the words we use and the actions we take .
*apparently from bon appetit but it was in our csa newletter - how did they know i would have a glut of acorn squash and apples ?
woa , its been a while!! ! i have been having a mammoth attack of the starties only this time it was so bad and my brain so scattered , i never got past the thinking about it stage . in the end it all came out in a mad rush . i will now share the first of my creative meltdown .
wordswordswordsejustice.frwordswordswordss complaint seems to echo these concerns.wordswordswords
contest runs 4/23 - 5/12 . winner announced here on 5/14 .
rep . ron paul

as reuters reports , design chief of nokia , marko ahtisaari , has confirmed in an interview that they are in plans for a tablet and one-third of his time is spent working on it . the interview was published in a finnish magazine , kauppalehti optio . the handset manufacturing company has recently been focussed on making windows based smartphones , so it is expected that nokia will also launch their tablet on windows platform later this year .
this is a brains pub , we've been there several times over the years , always good atmosphere , its basically a large terrace house on a side street .
neither the homosexual nor the direct idea of homosexuality appears anywhere in these passages . had the writer intended to make a clear point about condemnation of gays , surely the greek verb for homosexual behaviour would have been utilised rather than these nouns which are directly related to cowardice and idolatry ?
but 3 weeks in the power company turned off all power to the flat , again the host was difficult to reach , a few hours later after airbnb managed to get in touch with them the host explained to us that it was due to them not having paid their electricity bill the last few months (seriously ? !) they then proceeded to rig us up with electricity by stealing it from the neighboring apartment .
i like the change in the linear motion battle system , which now allows you to sidestep around opponents . it also uses chain capacity , which allows you to chain together attacks . the storyline is great , although you usually can't go too long without them talking about and questioning friendship . (hence the name i call it.) i am usually interested in the characters and how their personalities clash . (that is why i like to talk about each character individually.) the way the character's in this game react to each other is terrific and often leads to humorous conversations . this shows mostly during optional small cutscenes called skits and after battles .
i offered you my hand
shape specification:to begin with use the petal shaped one . i tried the circular ones but the petal shaped ones look more classier
saturday 6/9
gravity was invented in 1687 by sir isaac newton , who famously watched an apple fall from a tree to the ground and thought , wordswordswordshuh wordswordswords thatwordswordswordss weird.wordswordswords before this invention , people and objects would just drift off into space with nothing to hold them earth-bound . jesus ascended into heaven . moses got the red sea to rise up so the jews could escape from the pharaoh . genghis khan and his mongol hordes were able to invade and defeat rival civilizations because they rode on flying horses .
have you ever done anything like this ? how do you soften the sting of a read-through ?

that , then , is the bad news about our sin , and , as you can see , it is really , really bad . how do you respond ? will you deflect it onto other people whom you see to be sinners ? . ..or does this view of our sin cause you to want to fall on your knees before god in repentance and contrition over the sins you have tolerated in your life ?
all it takes is the smallest knock on the door .
but if you have lost your faith than all thatwordswordswordss left is fear .
anti-authoritarians question whether an authority is a legitimate one before taking that authority seriously . evaluating the legitimacy of authorities includes assessing whether or not authorities actually know what they are talking about , are honest , and care about those people who are respecting their authority . and when anti-authoritarians assess an authority to be illegitimate , they challenge and resist that authoritywordswordswordssometimes aggressively and sometimes passive-aggressively , sometimes wisely and sometimes not .
this was a hard week . honestly , embarking on this venture i didn't expect it to be so incredibly unpleasant at times . but , i met my goals and i'm glad that i set up this accountability for myself because i know i would have stopped if i hadn't . yes , i hate being hungry that much ;)
thanks for stopping by my post today .
when they got to the bin laden compound , according to the guardian , the team sent a nurse inside to administer the hepatitis shots . the nurse , the newspaper wrote , wordswordswordswas unaware of the real purpose of the vaccination campaign.wordswordswords so if the mission had gone wrongwordswordswordsthe nurse was reportedly equipped with a wordswordswordshandbag that was fitted with an electronic devicewordswordswordswordswordswordsthe first person in harmwordswordswordss way would have been not a covert-ops cowboy but an actual health-care worker .
my fellow americanswordswordswords how can this story not make your stomach turn ? is this a problem in the system ? no . this is a result of the ignorant , hateful , selfish , biased , privalaged world view of some of the nurses and doctors in our hospitals . i can just see the snobby nurses turning their nose up at this helpless woman , due to her situation in life . as though , quality medical care is not something she deserved . i can see them treating her with indignity , like less of a creature and therefore not worthy of pity . i can see her crying out for help and being ignored , much as so many others that are left to die on the streets daily .
then came accident . we were at a show and she was actually well behaved for once so i let my ambitions get the better of me . i did hear on the loud speaker that four horses had taken a bad fall before i went in , but i figured that they had not been in control of their horses . that was not the case . the hall was lethal and i should have backed out once the second rider fell . the show should have been canceled . as it turned out , the floor in the hall had just been redone , but not properly so is was deep and lose , making is feel like you were riding on ice . as soon as we set hoof inside i should have turned around .
but what many may not remember is that the hope center was actually used as a location shoot for the movie !
fighting for redemption is an underground , self-published , anti-hero storywordswordswordsspun with direct and obvious influences of japanese cartoons , video-games , and hong kong cinema . it is written with a brutal honesty about the main character/writer , and the other characters i encounter along the way . itwordswordswordss based off a true storywordswordswordsbut itwordswordswordss definitely not meant for everyone .
our cleverness hard and unkind .
letwordswordswordss say cancer is the first house . the moon would therefore be the owner of the first house wordswordswords the wordswordswordslordwordswordswords of the first house wordswordswords because the moon owns cancer . if instead leo were the first house , then the owner of leo wordswordswords the sun wordswordswords would own the first house . if capricorn were rising , saturn would own the first house . the second house would be aquarius , so saturn would also own that house . jupiter would own the third , pisces . mars the fourth , aries , etc .
the price of crude oil is a perpetual issue in the world , for as long people can drill and pump oil from the ground , this commodity would shape up the world society in so many ways . oil is so essential that some are willing to wage war for this precious commodity , to make sure that their supply of oil would not run out , and who can blame them ? the worldwordswordswordss economy depends on oil , every country needs oil for their own industries , thatwordswordswordss why youwordswordswordsre lucky if your country happens to be an oil exporter . itwordswordswordss no different here in the philippines . with the price of oil going nowhere but up , panic and despair reigns in society . transport groups are holding strikes and rallies in the streets , with other militant groups throwing in their support for the cause . these rallies are held to call the attention of the government , to make the government hear their pleas . their aim is simple ; they want the price of oil to go down and they want the government to intervene in behalf of them for they believe that the petrol corporations are at fault . itwordswordswordss always the fault of the private sector , if anything goes wrong in the economy itwordswordswordss because of corporate greed and this is the precise reason why there is a need to regulate them , well according to these militant groups . while i do agree that some people are just inherently greedy , government control is not the answer to that , i believe that a greedy and corrupt government is much much more dangerous than a greedy and corrupt corporation . and itwordswordswordss quite amusing for these groups to ask the government to intervene in behalf of them , when some of them are also protesting about the lack of freedom in the country , about the lack of democracy in the country . are they really unaware that the very thing that they are asking for the government also undermines individual freedom and democracy ? irony much ?
numerous kind souls have expressed concern that i have been absent from these virtual pages , lo , these many months . thanks to them for doing so ! the sad fact is that in rapid order i lost my internet , my computer , and my job wordswordswords all prerequisites for so luxurious an activity as blog-posting . i hope to be up and at it again in the future in my traditional sisyphus-like manner . in the meantime , you can find recent writing on village-voice.com , recent podcasts on nytheatre.com , and wordswordswords most important wordswordswords come see my show . .
just like every day , i started my day with two glasses of water on an empty stomach then had my cup of coffee (1 tsp of nescafe , 3 tsp of fat free coffee mate , 2 tsp of sugar) followed by 30g of bran flakes with a glass of vanilla flavored soy milk (alpro) ! this combination is a true delicacy and is most importantly fulfilling !
so how are you coming to me girl
card recipe
this recipe is side dish friendly so whether you like potatoes , rice or stuffing , salad , cauliflower , or broccoli . whatever you choose they will all compliment this rabbit perfectly .
i donwordswordswordst know why the orthodox church has a strong influence in the eastern europe even now in the 21 th century , when science has proved the bible is just a mixture of stupid texts and god doesnwordswordswordst exist .
here are a couple of my pens . the duck one used to have green sparkly hair but he moulted . the red one is a perfect solution to anyone who ever fancied writing with a quill - a ballpoint with a feather ! i love pens like this because they are easy to find in my handbag . they make people smile . they do not get lost and no-one ever walks away with them .
now gisli goes to the isle with eleven men . meantime skeggi had come to the isle and staked out the lists for bard , and laid down the law of the combat , and after all saw neither him nor any one to fight on the isle in his stead . there was a man named fox , who was skeggiwordswordswordss smith ; and skeggi bade fox to carve likenesses of gisli and bard : wordswordswordsand see,wordswordswords he said , wordswordswordsthat one stands just behind the back of the other , and this laughingstock shall stand for aye to put them to shame.wordswordswords
thatwordswordswordss the dare . are you sufficiently committed to your beliefs to take it ?
i feel like i'm rambling a bit here (so what else is new ? ) , but the bottom line is maybe once in awhile it pays to put the brakes on , attach the filter and think a little more before i dig my own heels in and make a decision or a judgement about something or someone with such brazen certainty .
here , itwordswordswordss all about wordswordswordsthe children,wordswordswords about wordswordswordsstreamliningwordswordswords education , boosting scores , uplifting minorities , making america competitive , and just about every other infantile fairy tale they can invoke to convince the country to hand over the loot . for thatwordswordswordss what itwordswordswordss really about . the trillion dollars a year to be made by turning wordswordswordsthe childrenwordswordswords into intellectually impotent dullards but profit producing zombies ? well , thatwordswordswordss just a lavishly fortunate coincidence . right ?
angel & spiritual intuitive
the rumpus attracted a lot of media attention including a sky news van so hopefully this case will be publicised now . we live in hope . big respect to the manchester evening news who ran the story despite the threats from police . many lads are still in the area and the nonces are still inside the court . how you get bail on such serious charges is anyones guess , as only 4 of them are remanded .
in a statement released by the national parent-teacher association (pibg) , educators have said that they are wordswordswordsamazedwordswordswords by the spirit shown by the student participants of the autonomous grassroots movement , and hope that m.i.a . students could wordswordswordsshow even a fraction of that interest in attending classes toowordswordswords .
~you're in my thoughts
the procedure before the committee is very much in the hands of the chairman . in this case mr whittingdale , mp , decided that the way to operate was for each member of the committee to have an allotted period to ask the questions they wanted to ask . effectively therefore the murdochs faced 9 or 10 separate prosecuting counsel , all asking questions about different areas . there was however no cohesion in the process , and points were returned to , and gone over more than once , even where it appeared to an outside observer , that the matter had been dealt with already . each mp on the committee however wanted to have their chance to question the murdochs , as was their right , even where that questioning did not really advance matters at all . only tom watson mp , who has been pursuing the phone hacking matter for a number of years , really took the murdochs through a detailed and logical questioning proves , and it might have been much better if he had been allowed to continue asking questions on behalf of the committee , but the members were not willing to give up their own chance to interrogate . in fact , the most telling moment of the proceedings , excluding the pie attack on rupert murdoch , occurred at the very end , when the chairman permitted mr watson to ask a supplementary question , as i will refer to below .
a wonderful message by george carlin - hope this touches you like it did me
apply a small amount then blend with a sponge or use a professional brush for a flawless look . 35ml
beach house - other people
another thing we noticed is that they are very fit , well , fitter than us i guess . in place of escalators , we have stairswordswordswords . .lots of stairs . after climbing that much of stairs in their subway , i felt my stamina totally drained . -.-
one day soon we will go for dinner .
ringlets of gut broth .
our relationship and trust in one another grew exponentially in our new city . we discovered new places , took winding rides to the top of twin peaks and to the edge of the cliff house . i smelled and breathed and viewed everything on the back of my husband's motorcycle , never needing to say a word , feeling his energy and mine and that of the city abounding . in the beginning we were euphoric .
$12- text
however , i'm no longer deluding myself into thinking that we could use our camping gear for any kind of long term , rugged emergency situtation . i'll have to consider that and make up a new plan . in the meantime , i am grateful that although i came by this knowledge the hard way , the only thing that was lost is replaceable . we feel so blessed that the people we love most were safe and in the end we were all reunited . after it was all over my mom said to me , " why would god let this happen to us ? " but all i can feel is gratitude that he protected us all when it did .
le baiser salwordswords is located in a little pocket of paris close to the pompidou that is busting with bars , cafes and pedestrians . predominantly a jazz club , it's held its own here for over 20 years offering up concerts , including evenings with a cuban , african or antillean twist to the music . a good number of predominate names have passed through here . however , i wasn't there to listen to jazz , so i remained in the small downstairs bar for drinks .
dress wordswordswords christos (purchased and altered at kleinfeldwordswordswordss , new york , ny)
from all accounts , big brother bigot dan , as played by james ralston was also the lead guitarist in tina turner's band through the 80's and the 90's , and is also a master craftsman at guitar restoration ! he also plays a great bastard !
theywordswordswordsve always said character comes to the rescue when crisis descends or hard times rule . and the other thing they say : necessity is the mother of invention .
you may recall that i once did a cheryl and co review and giveaway where i talked about how good their products were and how the cookies could actually crumble in my hand . well , having had a good experience with them , i thought it was safe to actually place an order with them (for various reasons) . iwordswordswordsm sad to report that i was wrong .
if she were such a hardened criminal , why was she only carrying mace ? if she were heavily into the drug lifestyle or possibly selling drugs , she would have been carrying a gun as well . itwordswordswordss not unthinkable for a convicted felon to have a gun . in some cases , the ones who shouldnwordswordswordst have them , itwordswordswordss easier for them to obtain .
wordswordswordsprinciples of islamic jurisprudence,wordswordswords m . h . kamali , can easily be found by search on google .
2 . friendly lion daydream
i finally got the winter butterfly done after several aborted starts . i tried doing the body in white , size 30 and the wings in pale gray , size 30 , along with a silver blending filament , but it simply looked like mismatched whites , so i took the body off (which i'd done twice already because i forgot the antennae and then added the upper wing wrong three times!) and made a new one in the pale gray . the silver shows up much better with the gray but you can't see it in the first scan .

wordswordswords until the inevitable happened . they were both short-listed for the rspb bird poet of the year award .
this sort of links back to what i was talking about earlier this week , and what my main point is when i give my social media talks at conference : social media isn't about 10 million followers . it's about generating a following who are going to come together as a community because of you or your product . it's about people coming together because of a common interest and then knowing they can always return to this community for updates , discussions or , the best part , bonus material , relating to said product/person . (bonus material can include sneak peeks , fan art , video clips and more) .
i always felt bad that he was deprived of it . iwordswordswordsm sure watching you
i still have the tinkertoys and lincoln logs my brother and i used to build things with!)
put the syrup in over the ice and then gently pour the club soda over . lightly crush the basil and stir in . it is so so so so so so good !
dear sweets ,
said randomly one day , in the middle of doing nothing ,
history , schmistory !
their necks tilted back as it approached . it towered at least fifteen feet high .
in the united states it is estimated that 2100 kids go missing everyday , so you have to be prepared . most of these cases are quickly solved , so kids safety bands are a great way to communicate . they are also available to display allergies or medical conditions , which can be a lifesaver is many situations ! so for just $7.00 i think this product is great for any parent !
to the kids) , and the crafts are much more simple (mostly because the age-group
a little girl reciting the 23rd psalm began , wordswordswordsthe lord is my shepherd ; thatwordswordswordss all i want.wordswordswords maybe she missed the wording , but she sure got the theology right . to have jesus as our shepherd is indeed a blessing . as he moves towards the cross , jesus holds up this model of the good shepherd , reminding his listeners that a good shepherd would lay down his life for the sheep . he would give his life to protect the sheep from thieves , wild animals , or whatever danger might confront the flock . we can give him our allegiance because of his commitment to us .
the original recipe calls for an entire jigger of absinthe . i just couldn't do it . the point was made just as thoroughly with half the amount . this cocktail smelled and tasted heavily of absinthe . none of the other ingredients could puncture this hard steel casing of absinthe . i wasn't surprised . but sometimes a drink can provide a cocktail geek like me with something beyond the mere exploration of flavors . it's hard to admit , but i have actually been looking forward to this drink for quite some time . for the nature of experimentation , i assure you . before firpo's balloon , i had never tasted , or for that matter ever heard of , a cocktail that included egg white , and that did not also include some form of citrus . egg white cocktails almost always call for some form of lemon or lime juice because the acids help stabilize that beautiful characteristic foam . i was very curious to see what happened when egg white was called for in a cocktail consisted entirely of , well , alcohol . result : given the small amount of egg white , only a very little foam appeared . in contrast to most egg white drinks , the balloon's texture was not velvety--in fact , it was quite grainy . and thus , our ultimate conclusions were : it tasted one-dimensional and the mouth feel made it undrinkable . alas , a sink donation .
i decided that i would start issuing an electric surcharge . i told them so , and even gave kyle a final reminder as he headed out the door , " did you turn out the lights ? "
mgm is a wonderful park to visit at night . the way the place is lit up with all of the neon signs , the lights on the tower of terror which makes it look way spookier , to the hat and the osborn family lights spectacular . you just can't go wrong visiting this park in the evening . one of my favorite places to be! ! !
meanwhile , i just calculated that yesterdaywordswordswordss swim was 112 lengths of the pool , which is a hair under 1.6 miles .
umbrella : 3 "
we decided that we should make an effort to see one another more often ! we decided to re-institute game night ! we had some trouble with our first picked date (since my cousin and his wife had a baby a couple of days before!) , but finally settled on this past saturday . sadly , last minute , some of the kids couldn't come . we didn't get too much gaming done , however , the few rounds we played - i killed it ! it.was.epic .
as the moon rose , the sky fell into darkness and i could see others joining him around his fire . the shadows and reliefs of children and dogs and other adults moved across the flames and around the circle he had made . i could hear their quiet murmurings and laughter as the flames rose up and died down and rose up again while the moon made her ascent . a perfect metaphor for the passionate flame of a deep scorpio moon .
mountain climbing moses- hidden pictures : explore hidden treasures in godwordswordswordss word pk - k by linda standke , page 9
enemy agents . he turns to be a torturer and executioner by firing
1473 d-ix/18/2003 . wordswordswordstwo years later : lessons for lawyers and other citizens.wordswordswords wordswordswordsseptember 11wordswordswords (with michael j . howlett , jr . , charles w . murdock , alan raphael , and allen e . shoenberger) . panel . the school of law , loyola university of chicago , chicago , illinois . (incorporated in b-14 (projected) , above , part b-13.)
sebastian gorki , 27 , new york , n.y .
7 . odds are very good youwordswordswordsll win a great (tax-free) door prize .
this award is for anyone with fewer than 200 followers . :)
me : i slipped and as i fell the razor went with me and my leg landed on it .
my self-absorbed , evil heart started firing off judgments like an automatic rifle . and without exchanging a word with them , i found myself becoming annoyed by their presence . but when the two men received their food , i noticed they took a moment to pray over it before they began eating . and with that i realized these men iwordswordswordsd been judging so severely were , most likely , my brothers in christ .
in this term 2 , he will have chinese show & tell .
2 . autism speaks is using not the 1 in 150 prevalence figure autism speaks widely promotes , but a prevalence of 1 in 166 ;
krzysiek - guitar
hello ! i have a rather bright card for you today which is not normal for me . ..but i do like the way it turned out !
" ok, " he said as he climbed up on the picnic table about to come in through the window . man , it was a good thing he was pretty because there wasn't a brain in that boy . just dust , cobwebs and mounds of clothes .
to be honest , if there is one thing i would like to achieve in my life , is to have something such as a thought experiment like this named after me , itwordswordswordss the only way for an atheist to stick around after his death .
this week i went to a training seminar regarding a new content management system . it was typically pitched at idiot-guide level and inevitably became bogged down with debate about wordswordswordssocial mediawordswordswords . the conversation featured everything from the grim realisation that you canwordswordswordst switch your twitter profile off at 5pm , to the inevitable public sector question of accountability and whatwordswordswordss known internally as arse-covering . one person became so distressed by the potential pitfalls that they proclaimed , and i quote , wordswordswordssocial media is dangerous!wordswordswords
meanwhile , the furore over the coalition governmentwordswordswordss plans to take five of the failing ones out of the local authoritywordswordswordss control to turn them into academies rubbles on .
now , surprise surprise , the jewish eskenazis still owe repsol billions for shares which they were assigned but have not paid for , but the so-called patriotic argentine government has insisted that the eskenazis will retain their stake ; the only shares that are to be confiscated are repsol's . so to cut a long story short the spaniards are being doubly screwed by jews . their own shares , for which they paid many billions , investing many billions more over the years to restore ypf to profitability have been stolen ; they will be lucky to get ten cents in the dollar in compensation in the corrupt jew-run argentine courts . but to add insult to injury , shares which they also effectively paid for , and which they were forced to cede to the eskenazis and for which they now will never be paid , have been ring-fenced for the jewish swindlers who obviously hatched this plan with kirchner for their own benefit . the eskenazis will keep a 25 per cent stake for which they have paid practically nothing . kirchner and her cronies will no doubt get a hefty commission .
h4v3 wordswordswordswordsn !
10 . untitled
from time to time , use a whisk to blend the pudding
arrange the wedges of one melon in an baking dish . make the mojito mix : place all ingredients plus 1 cup water in a blender and pulse until the mint is finely chopped . pour the mixture over melon wedges and refrigerate 1 hour .
mh : why giants ?
as well as the twitterati , i also had the pleasure of meeting members of the learner autonomy sig for the first time , fellow scholarship winners and an inspirational teacher from sicily . i hope to stay in contact with them after the conference too .
feb . .a day out somewhere with raldiss and charlie
this blog is inspired by the holy spirit to point us to him as he leads us safely to a blissful marriage and happy family life .
turn off the simmering water . ..but leave it sitting there to melt the peanut butter and margarine . . .
i began the break by attending one day of gilded's art event~ the art of spring ! i loved the bracelet that we created ! i met some wonderful ladies at my table! ! it was sad to have missed the entire weekend but the day i was there~ was nice !
i think god took a little of us all , joshua , hailey , leah , mama & dada and made you sweet boy .
this guy here is not metrosexual anymore , he is just crossing over . in my opinion , this is just way to muchwordswordswords whatever happened to admitting that you are actually gay ? no offense to all the fans of bae yong joon , but this type of metrosexuality is kind of confusing .
john crowder , the new comic book hero of mysticism
so , being nice is not always about putting others before you but is about putting yourself before others where it would benefit you as well as the others .
drawing paper
i was there april 2011 . the weather was amazing . it was in the 70s and sunny . there were people reading books and laying on blankets on the grass at the national mall .
key features : one hit per pack , including rookie autographed helmets ; players in their college uniforms
i'm finally back from vacation and it was so great to meet up with lacey and her family again . you can see a few holiday snaps in lacey's fabulous scrapbook pages below from the day spent at the pool near her beautiful home in jacksonville .
harvey j . gardner , 35 , lakewood , n.j .
sometimes , after a phrase or a song ended ,
yep . english .
todaywordswordswordss social media manager supervises the churchwordswordswordss social media teams to accomplish a cohesive , branded message for all aspects of church communications . however , rather than this being like your traditional church communications director , it is more like church communications director 2.0 , revised and upgraded for the digital age ! the new social media manager will be comfortable with branding strategies , crafting an effective s0cial media strategy , interacting in a multi-media environment , and creating compelling messages and story lines . excellent listening and customer relations management skills are mandatory , as are a mastery of social media tools and platforms required to keep the congregation and community engaged and excited about the ministrywordswordswordss vision . however , the most important requirement is to have a heart for the church and the people , and a passion for communicating the gospel clearly and effectively !
i mentioned the 500 links , but all is not well over in the linkage department . first the good news . the alphabetic blogroll , labeled kindred spirits , works great and is completely up to date . the color codes allow readers to get a sense of a blog's content before they visit .
by why was mcclellan looking for a new job in the first place ? in 1908 , he was not long for the mayor's office . like blessed as tammany hall golden boys , mcclellan got a conscious in his second term , hiring many non-tammany employees and rooting out a mountain of tammany related corruption in civic offices . this turncoat did not please new tammany boss charlie murphy , no it didn't . in 1909 , tammany put up their new contestant , the colorful william j . gaynor . (incidentally , he also beat william randolph hearst , in his second and final unsuccessful run at the office.)
the sign reads :
ok . ..i'm not really a cute stamper . ..but you get the idea (:o)
my past inclinations to run , sabotage , victimized myself or manipulate have disappeared from my bag of tricks . i donwordswordswordst even want him to love me . i simply have to accept it . raw , simple , genuine , uncontingent , not even offered , just there for the taking , love . and somehow , iwordswordswordsm functioning , in the stillness of it all .
also , do you use digi sentiments , or just the images ?
so , by adopting the newer disciplines like social media research and wordswordswordsneuro/biometricswordswordswords , which means listening and watching as well as questioning , we can address many of the issues outlined above . if we are able to effectively bring wordswordswordsculture-neutralwordswordswords technologies into the mix , we can make significant progress towards overcoming the twin challenges of wordswordswordsreservedwordswordswords and wordswordswordsextremewordswordswords responses to direct questions which impact conventional market research in asia .
i enjoy writing these week-end simple posts ; while the suggestions are french-inspired , they are easy things that anyone can do here at home in the us .
your business , your department , and even you become irrelevant to your customers the second they no longer think of you as a resource and solution to their problems . few think about it that way , but itwordswordswordss true . customers are trying to solve a problem they have and need you to do it . put another way , from the customerwordswordswordss point of view , your business (department , team , etc.) is useful and relevant only if you can solve their problem .
wouldn't it be wonderful if you found out that you could lose weight , feel great and not be hungry simply by being considerate of your insulin hormone and eating only non processed food . your liver will love you too , it really hates being force fed all this sugar and constantly storing it as fat .
king of cups , do you not feel
but a solid world alone does not make for a good novel . it has to have a good story to back it up . sanderson delivers with aplomb . there are all sorts of interesting things going on here . magic , obviously , but therewordswordswordss political intrigue , revolutions , plots , counter-plots , murder and some good old-fashioned betrayal . it also has some very dry humour and the greatest sword since stormbringer . there are some strong themes too , most notably the novel asks , how are our lives shaped by our expectations ? terrorism and religious tolerance also come under scrutiny , as does the malleability of history . it seems the bar has been raised high since i last read any epic fantasy .
now youwordswordswordsre ready to pray , but first you must put those prayer clothes on ! for women , a long dress or abayba/jilbab , is necessary and must be long enough to cover arms to wrists and down to feet . you may also wear pants with a long shirt that covers your bottom . i usually wear a long dress with pants under if going to the mosque . you also need to cover your hair with a head scarf and that includes neck , chest and ears . men can wear a regular shirt , without logos on them and pants or shorts that cover below knees . donwordswordswordst forget to make sure the clothes are clean and free from dirt and / or bodily excrementwordswordswordss including urine , blood , etc .
by the way , j crew has restocked these little gems , so they are back down to their $68 price tag instead of the $150 they were selling for on ebay (don't worry , i was just stalking them for research purposes (c : ) !
(wuab , of course , is today's raycom media-owned mynetwork tv affiliate.)
and even ghostly forty-four
- offer to split the bill , but if he accepts my offer then hewordswordswordss not a keeper .
never sleeps again (another newish blog to me that i feel deserves some recognition . cynniegurl is a delight , she posts reviews peppered with adorable personal stories and observations and i find her totally irresistible.)
our class on the history of italian higher education was put on by a younger female italian professor and a male assistant professor . i really enjoyed their presentations and found myself appreciative of their easy to follow notes . they really did a great job , and i found myself having an easy time following along .
mushroom gravy goes well with steamed rice and also good enough with roti's or naans . and mushroom 65 can be taken as starter or nice snack item .
time to work on my memory .
me : they are definitely mammals . . . .
we want three things . we want to be free . we want to be able to live a normal life . we want peace . is that too much to ask ? we are a peace movement consistent of young people in gaza and supporters elsewhere that will not rest until the truth about gaza is known by everybody in this whole world and in such a degree that no more silent consent or loud indifference will be accepted .
i grabbed a pair of socks and my sneakers and padded down the stairs into the kitchen . mom was dressed , as usual , in a tailored blazer and pencil skirt . she had the same wild hair that i had , but she somehow managed to make it behave in a tightly controlled bun at the nape of her neck . i knew that she wanted to look extra-professional for her new job .
1 . make some friends , get a life and quit being jealous of ours .
i think you can see from the fact that i posted a cathy cartoon - something definitely not cool , that i am going to be sad all day long . the sad kind of sad combined with the pathetic kind of sad . oh well . i can console myself knowing that i have an appointment this afternoon to learn how to use the appliance that will tell me if i have sleep apnea or not . i suspect with my broad expansive girth that i probably do . it might explain why i don't get a lot of restful sleep .
given that so much blood was on the hands of his party , and , as such , the newly appointed government , some may conclude that those who praised madela's mercy and forgiveness , when the truth and reconciliation tribunal set up after he came to power , to look into the apartheid years , did not include a provision for sanctions , were being deliberately naive .
over 10 years ago two of my college friends and i headed to curacao for spring break . i remember the three of us decided we needed all new wardrobes for the trip and we brought so much stuff that our suitcases needed a separate taxi from the airport to the hotel . ah , those were the days ;) if i had to do it again , i would love to pack some of the higher end items below : a luxurious designer towel , a great bikini , and some fabulous jewelry top the list .
reeking from the hollow of your throat
so , i guess you could say that my blog started out of desperation . i mean , you could say that , but it would make me feel bad about myself .
12 . the milkshakes - love can lose
original movie title : il signor max
one other amusing thing . there's a website which rates the readability of your blog . i plugged in my url and got back the determination that it's :
here is the observer on his routine ,
god speaks through other people , maybe god speaks through you . maybe god speaks through beezus . maybe god was speaking through the people who have told me that i am a horrible person . or the ones that insinuate that grief is something different than love .
ok pickle enough grumbling , get on to your card woman!! ! lol
and itwordswordswordss more than even this raw agricultural connection that brings some provenance to the cascade brews . with around 60 different farmers contracted to grow barley for the brewery there is a real and tangible community element to the story . you can imagine the supplier/customer relationships are as real and as honest now as they would have been when almost all commerce and trade were conducted this way .
most of my ambulance shifts i'm paired with a medic that prefers to tech all the calls , so i don't have much i can report on there either .
although i already know the basics for most of the techniques i wanted to refresh my inkpad knowledge and use the spur of the classes to revisit techniques i've not used in ages . i thoroughly enjoyed myself and still have things i didn't get chance to finish during the course but i have the lessons saved so i can work through them when my mojo deserts me for a while . anyway , the piece shown above was my very first attempt at creating a background by stippling . i have always used cut'n'dry foam to create a similar effect and once in a while i've used brushes but in a sweeping motion not actually stippling with a pouncing action . i was really chuffed with the effect i achieved and then continued by adding the stamped clarity trees and chocolate baroque wild flowers to complete the picture . the poem excerpt is also a chocolate baroque stamp .
hot running water ! (oh come on , you all know at least once you didn't have hot water for one reason or another ! isn't it fantastic when we have it ? )
hunt monsters up to 11 levels lower or higher than you to get 50 of those .
the version we are going to do is a savory version which wewordswordswordsll top with syrup . you can also do a strictly sweet version , but i think the whole notion of that is insipid wordswordswords you really want the contrast of the savory and sweet together .
we all look up at him . jay's announcements are dull as hell but we know to pay careful attention or risk being shouted at .
the gingerbread simple syrup (makes enough for 7 lattes)
creator of heaven and earth .
always use a passwordwordswordswordsitwordswordswordss amazing how many accounts have blank passwords . and choose a complex one . donwordswordswordst use your dogwordswordswordss name , your anniversary date , or the name of the local football team . and donwordswordswordst use the word wordswordswordspasswordwordswordswords ! pick a password that has a mix of upper- and lower-case letters , number , punctuation marks , and so forth . make it as long as possible . and change it often . once youwordswordswordsve picked a strong password , handle it appropriately . donwordswordswordst write it down . if you absolutely must write it down , at the very least keep it in a safe or a locked drawerwordswordswordsthe first thing a bad guy whowordswordswordss hunting for passwords will do is check for a yellow sticky note on the side of your screen , or in the top desk drawer . donwordswordswordst tell anyone what your password is . remember what ben franklin said : two people can keep a secret , but only if one of them is dead .
tanlines - bejan
the beauty and majesty of the earth not only testifies of god , but it testifies that he is such a loving god . of course , we needed a place for our mortal experience , a place where we could be tried and tested , a place where we could learn . but it didn't have to be such a beautiful place , did it ? certainly , god could have skimped a little .
wash , stem and dry watercress , place in serving bowl .
what a character she is . as challanging as a 3 year old is , i love the way their minds work at that age as they are trying to figure everything out !
i am in between educational programs right now . i hope to start my masterwordswordswordss in september and i hope to work in a summer camp environment in july and august . however , with aspergerwordswordswordss , itwordswordswordss difficult for me to go out and get a job right now because many positions donwordswordswordst suit my abilities .
the other difference is that in the coming six months , the sun will rise and set a little after 6 owordswordswordsclock . during the other half of the year , itwordswordswordss a little before . regardless , every day is 12 hours , come hell or high water , which incidently is a pretty good description of the seasons here .
you loose woman , you.wordswordswords
you would think that the desire to contribute snacks is one that would be easily appeased , but getting on that sign-up sheet has been absurdly difficult .
my life . fantastic bizarre jazzy kind of popmusic with a sauce of
as you all know the sadc summit took place last sunday with five heads of state attending , and with officials and ministers representing those who could not attend .
dad becomes furious upon hearing the news and mom cries as she tells him that the scar will remain forever . left with no choice , dad swaps the girlswordswordswords name for the princess selection .
1 interventions
the curiosities will be released on october 1st 2012 .
this wordswordswordsconnorwordswordswords rug from pottery barn kids circa 2003 was the jumping off point for the colors in the room . i love its palette of dark and light blue , sage , and red . cheerful for a childwordswordswordss room , but not too juvenile and cutesy .
as i was stalking out , i almost ran over jamestry .
the us government ran a budget deficit of 198 billion in march 2012 . the march figure pushed the deficit up to $779 billion for the first six months of fiscal 2012 .
61 . if you were to take 1 lb . of spiders web and stretch it out it would circle the whole way around the world !
i suppose the downside is that , as itwordswordswordss so easy - and free - to publish a book , many people are bypassing a good editor and publishing work that is substandard and which gives digital publishing a bad name . iwordswordswordsm lucky in that my e-books are published by carina press , the digital-first arm of harlequin and therewordswordswordss little harlequin doesnwordswordswordst know about the publishing industry . all books at carina go through three lots of edits - developmental edits , line edits and then a final proof edit - before a marketing strategy is planned . small e-book presses , however , are opening up with a view to earning a quick buck and putting out books that are poorly presented and need editing . that could be a problem .
wordswordswordstiffany design is american design,wordswordswords said loring , permeating every aspect of america . wordswordswordswhether the people recognize it as such or not , itwordswordswordss with them every day.wordswordswords
and here we are , at the end of surely one of the most incompetent first seasons of any show to ever grace our goggle-tubes , firmly straddling the breach between unnecessary complexity and sheer idiocy .
i began the expansion of the front bed , curving it around to the cellar doors . as long as i was working up a sweat , i continued digging and got a bed 4 foot deep and 32 feet long on the east side of the house . i put a thick layer of donkey doo and a top dressing of grass clippings on the whole section . these beds will be ready to plant next spring . it's not the final size , but a good start on it .
donwordswordswordst miss
the princess decided to keep things very small for her birthday sleepover . she invited just three friends , two of whom live an hour or more away . on thursday night we found out that one the the girls was sick and would not be able to come . because we live so far away , the two families had been sharing girl-delivery duties . now one family was going to have drive a total of six hours just so their daughter could come to the party .
give peace , o lord , in all the world ;
itwordswordswordss fair to say that i spend as much time in san franciscowordswordswordss historic chinatown as i do in north beach wordswordswords my pharmacy and my doctor are in chinatown and many of the discount stores that we patronize for household goods are also on grant or stockton avenue or somewhere in between . i also frequent the grand chinatown branch library when the north beach branch doesnwordswordswordst have what iwordswordswordsm looking for (which is fairly often but the journey there requires a steep uphill walk of four blocks and several ounces of patience since chinese , when casually strolling the sidewalks , are notoriously oblivious to their surroundings and difficult , at best , to navigate around when one is in a hurry) .
double joy .
civilization faces ' perfect storm of ecological and social problems '
last night we did take them on our date with us . we saw transformers and then went to iggy's for dinner . truly , they are pretty fun kids but let's just say next weeks date night will not include any children . (oh and while at dinner we had a discussion of the language in the movie and how it is an example of what not to say . sheesh , it is like some words are just common now) (yes , i realize it is rated pg-13)
we're also pretty sure that he has eczema . he has eczema patches on his right arm , behind his knees and his back , they look and act like claudy's eczema which makes me so sad and it's a constant battle to keep him lubed .
hotness is a consumable . a consumable that consumes as it is consumed but brings no warmth .
how true are all these all these warnings , can one wish them away . how bad will it get before it is good again , how strong must we be to survive , can we survive . is history against us ?
do i run harder early on and tick off some decent miles whilst feeling fresh ; or
fresh applemint , rinsed
then a couple of weeks ago , i got an email from the american brain tumor association about the chance to run chicago for them . and the wheels started turning .
to shine your light now is whatwordswordswordss important .
- j
hi there , i just want to thank everyone who joined us in the pks alumni blog hop . it was a lot of fun and you all left such sweet comments ! well if you haven't seen the winners of the hop yet make sure to pop over to the peachy keen stamps blog and you will get the full list .
in the few minutes that it took us to drive there , neither of us spoke a word . just as we arrived one of phillipwordswordswordss brothers came running down the street , his arms held wide , screaming his name . there was a crowd and then there was the ambulance .
coriander powder - 1 teaspoon
p.s . isn't she the most adorable girl ever ? ! :)
while 99.9% of the time batman maintains a steady grip on his values , morality and physical conditioning , he must release that itty-bit of badness in some way . so , why not have a food cheat day ?
still goin strong on his comeback from a brief retirement stint , san diego mc blame one drops a new tape for his fans to check for that features a bunch of older new and unreleased music . . .
i stamped one row of the woodgrain background on my rustic white cardstock and then used a mask along the bottom of my cardstock to just add a little more of the woodgrain pattern - i didn't want a whole second row .
* the jamaica chamber of commerce building at 89-31 161st street was completed in 1929 and wordswordswordsis a reminder of an important moment in the economic development history of jamaica,wordswordswords the landmarks commissionwordswordswordss chairman , robert b . tierney , said in a statement .
i hold the secrets in every thought , in all you say and do .
i got an update from the truth team today . among the other talking points , they wanted me to be sure to remind everyone that obama is doing his best to protect the environment .
so , next time you have something published , don't just buy a copy of the magazine with your piece in it . buy the next issue too , to find out whether your words moved the readers to write in too .
nowhere is soccer more passionately embraced than at the world cup , and grassroots soccer is going for the gold there , too wordswordswords with 48 skillz holiday programs designed to keep 5,000 kids safe and occupied during the 6-week extended holiday in south africa , and grassroots soccer teams from south africa , zimbabwe and zambia playing in the football for hope festival held between the semi-finals and finals , july 3-10 .
and know only who they are .
time to whip out your cookie cutters and go to town ! have fun with this part . no , really , i'll wait . . .
so gig reviews are a bit thin on the ground on the blog these days - since i don't have as much " disposable income " as i used to and also frankly less bands on tour i'd like to see . anyway this was this years first gig for the family furtheron . daughter-of-furtheron , mrs f and i went off to the o2 last night to see snow patrol .
but to emerge from your cocoon
celes-teal - teal (taken from the planet below the green one) - 151.183.159
sadly , this is going on and being condone in the churches . women think it is okay to have that gay male son or friend and go shopping and talk girly talk . though the men despise it , the men are okay with two women loving each other in a sexual way because itwordswordswordss a turn on for them . they are curious if they can be part of the twist . itwordswordswordss very displeasing to god people . i know , this is not a topic you want to share or discuss . what does god say about it ? if you not going to be a true christian , and you going to turn the other cheek when things get uncomfortable for you , then my advice is -take off the christian sign if you not going to do godwordswordswordss work !
now as i have said , it is a stunning home with spectacular views but was furnished in a fairly bland way originally as it was not a permanent residence . a lot of the furniture from their city home wasn't the right vibe for this very modern home but some of the pieces have melded quite well .
what is your favorite embellishment ?
john donne was the original metaphysical poet . fellow poet john dryden wrote of him : " he affects the metaphysics , not only in his satires , but in his amorous verses , where nature only should reign ; and perplexes the minds of the fair sex with nice speculations of philosophy , when he should engage their hearts , and entertain them with the softnesses of love . "
madonna borderline us
himanshu bhatt said the countrywordswordswordss mainstream media has no choice but to expand its scope of coverage to stay relevant in the wake of the growing cyber space media .
- brian smith / tenor & soprano saxes , flute
add some chopped button mushrooms into the mixture , though you can substitute other types of mushrooms of your choice .
iwordswordswordsm travelling without a map
if there's one thing that i've learnt about life in the 42 years that i've been on this planet is that there is no certainty . . . in fact , i'm certain of it ! as much as we may try to create a solidity or a structure around our lives , as much as we develop routines , rely on patterns of behaviour , on schedules , on systems - at the end of the day , these things are just not certainty-proof . . . most of us are seeking a kind of certainty , don't you find . . . we strive for a certain world because we fear the unknown . . . we fear losing control . . . even , in the world of aesthetics - we are striving for a certain outcome . . . we create plans , models , schemes - to ensure a kind of certainty in our work . . . but in reality , no outcome is ever truly certain . . . and why would you want it to be i wonder . . . for the uncertain outcome is often the most exciting . . . we spend a lot of time in the workshops at the little cottage looking at the idea of uncertainty in creativity and design . . . i find that most women who come along to the studio are looking for a kind of certainty - they're hoping to find the skills they need to decorate in a way that dazzles . . . and while decorating is about accruing and testing skills - it's just as much about being aware of and then embracing uncertainty . . . speak to most creative luminaries and they bring with them the same story - the story of finding peace in the face of uncertainty . . . in the face of the unknown outcome . . . as creatives , we need not to fear uncertainty but to embrace it . . . it is in this uncertain space that the most dazzling beauty lies . . . if you can bring yourself to let go - to free fall (metaphorically speaking) - then you find trust . . . you find trust in yourself . . . in your work . . . in your life . . . and when you trust yourself in this way - then you can tap into the beauty within at any time . . . and that , i believe , is the one thing that is , for certain . . .
scarf - i can't remember
related stories :
while providing an in-depth look at this segment of american history , lewis ties up story lines from the five-book series while deftly addressing issues of slavery , immigration , westward migration and religious reformation .
he lives to bring me safely there .
the blisters weren't so awesome , but they were positioned in a way that it didn't hurt to bike .
here's a couple more pictures of my project in action :
size : 184,198 acres
lemon zest in a bowl .
monday 2nd april : no bike this week as itwordswordswordss to be a wordswordswordssuited and bootedwordswordswords week of client training sessions and meetings . went to running club for fartlek (sets of ones , twos and threewordswordswordss) & found both peronius longus tendons were complaining for the first 4.25 miles . back 4.24 miles was a little easier . canwordswordswordst say i enjoy these runs , but i do enjoy finishing them !
museu do futebol
frankly , just the description is made of win .
" i think of her every hour of every day, " emery said , adding he spends much of his time practising bass guitar and honing his skills as leader of yazoo , an interracial rock band named after the prisonwordswordswordss rural hometown , known for its blues musicians .
they just look up at you and say they believe . . .
mac kissable lipcolour in enchantee
someone who frequently uses the internet for social purposes can validate from one experience or the other the phenomenon of online activism : they come across a particular ideal , message , or situation that has been conveyed to them by other internet users . more often than not these wordswordswordsmessageswordswordswords will resound a cause that is meant to address and expose certain injustices occurring throughout the world . what sandor vegh does in his article wordswordswordsclassifying forms of online activism : the case of cyberprotests against the world bankwordswordswords , is attempts to distinguish between different forms of activism online (as the name suggests) , hacking vs . cyberterrorism being one of the main topics of discourse . he then further elaborates on the issue by analyzing what reactions can or should be justified in lieu of a hacker/cyberterrorist campaign .
all units are relatively economical and low on co2 , however , in part thanks to our idiosyncratic weather patterns . the diesel range opens with the bmw z4 2.0i but that did make us appreciate the few fair days all the bmw z4 3.0 a stabbed rat , whereas the bmw z4 2.0i a car parking space it's worth remembering that you're on your own . . .
gross pa , hermogenes aw , sacks hs , lau j , levandowski ra . the efficacy of influenza vaccine in elderly persons . a meta-analysis and review of the literature . ann intern med 1995 ; 123 : 518-527 .
overall : i'm very happy with the way this beer came out . crisp , clean , bitter , and refreshing . a great beer for spring . a pilsner of the german persuasion but with saaz hops . i am a little suprised at the bitterness and i may consider toning it down just a touch in future batches . i was very light handed with the melanoiden malt and i cant really tell what it added to the finished beer , not to say i'd add much more for a delicate beer like this .
at the end of the tanda , he tells me , " you know , you have such a wonderful embrace . i always enjoy our dances together . "
the classic ritz hotel has a distinct , prescribed style . cesar ritz himself chose the louis xvi style (sometimes used in transition from louis xv ; there were also accents of directoire) , and every detail of his first ritz hotels , both interior decor and exterior architecture , down to light switches , table accoutrements , was a circa 1910 interpretation of this elegant style . the simple , light lines of neo louis xvi were a refreshing change from the heavy , dark , ponderous furniture of second empire , louis phillipe , and the victorian style .
we are always assumed that wewordswordswordsll wordswordswordslive long lifewordswordswords and wewordswordswordsve plenty of time to spend .
on 2 july 2009 , the elders publicly stated that it would exert pressure on the wordswordswordstraditional religionswordswordswords to change their principles and allow women to become ministers , priests and bishops . this is just the first action of its project titled equality for women and girls .
i hope you had or are having a wonderful spring break . we took our daughter to puerto rico to celebrate her birthday in style . we had a wicked cool patio on our room at gran melia .
g bananas
* brando eaton as jeremy smith
die hard asks naive but powerful questions : if you have to get from a to bwordswordswordsthat is , from the 31st floor to the lobby , or from the 26th floor to the roofwordswordswordswhy not blast , carve , shoot , lockpick , and climb your way there , hitchhiking rides atop elevator cars and meandering through the labyrinthine , previously unexposed back-corridors of the built environment ?
as morning robins : except my brother , sin ,
i think this will be my last valentine , of the year . i hope you enjoy . i made two similar cards , one 3 " x 3 " and one larger . i used cricut cartridge - rock princess , this cartridge has a lot of good cuts for valentines day . i wish i had noticed this a bit sooner .
for paul gustavson , a hack writer for the wildly popular for morons series , life is a succession of obstacles . his wife has left him , his father has suffered a debilitating stroke , his girlfriend is dating another man , he has impotency issues , and his overachieving brother invested his parents ' money in stocks that tanked . still , paul has his friends at bay state bar , a steady line of cocktails , and a new pair of running shoes (hewordswordswordss promised himself to get in shape) . and then therewordswordswordss stella , the one constant in his life , who gives him sage advice , doesnwordswordswordst judge him , and gives him unconditional love . however , stella wonwordswordswordst accompany paul into his favorite dive bar . " i'll roll on dead carp , i'll even eat cat turds , but that place grosses me out . " stella , you see , is paul's aging lab-shepherd mix , and she knows paul better than he knows himself .
i walked into the house , where michael had been working on the basement . he took one look at me and said , " oh ! okay . "
it's not necessary to buy pre-packaged pillow forms ($$) . i found this lumbar in the clearance aisle for $3 . the backside has some pretty attractive stars and stripes , but as long as your fabric hides the design , it doesn't matter .
put the chicken broth in,chicken,spices,the lemon halves , soy sauce .
vocal warm-ups . we sang me-balaba you-balaba me-balaba and mommy made me mash my m&ms . and we're not explaining . and we're not sorry .
ms . diaz pleaded not guilty in her first court appearance may 1 and requested a public defender .
calling this group of players wordswordswordsnoobwordswordswords is extremely unfair . a more appropriate term in my opinion would be wordswordswordsnewbwordswordswords or wordswordswordsnewbiewordswordswords . these are the people who may have only had been playing for the last week or month or so and thus arenwordswordswordst that up to speed with how their class works , what each spell or ability does and what happens in each dungeon . nine times out of ten you can usual tell which ones these are . they are normally the ones who are polite , will apologize that they are new , will actually read what they have to do and then ask questions , and will be willing to take advice on their gear and rotations .
even when the victim is not a good person , the authors agreed that character had to be fleshed out . said rozan : " you don't need to have great sympathy for the victim . you just need to understand who he is , you have to establish humanity . "

for today's playing in paradise challenge , laurel asked us to create a paper craft based on this inspiration picture . i was challenged tonight in creating this one but i think it is because i am tired and my mojo has left the building !
if you havenwordswordswordst listened to my latest (and best , to my way of thinking) guest appearance on a radio show , herewordswordswordss your chance :
clinique high lengths mascara in black
maxine monday
well . the two hour premiere and return of mad men did not disappoint . the slow pace , sidelong glances , sexy and sexist repartee , the sets , the clothes , the booze , the smoking , and catching up with our favorite characters to see what they've been doing for the last two years , well that two hours just floated by .
1/2 cup toasted chopped nuts
new fads stockholm uk
wordswordswordsit was a lovely day for the drive,wordswordswords nash remarked , wordswordswordsbut devilish cold for drawing when we got to the hillswordswordswords . the woods in the hollow below were crowded with wild pigeons which alternately sailed in the clouds over the tops of the trees or settled in the branches where they sat so thick the woods looked like monstrous orchards bursting into bloom.wordswordswords
wordswordswordsthe zionist zealots (neo-conservative likud party supporters who yoke israel's interests to those of america) and rightwing evangelical " millennial " or end-time christians , both raise the spectre of " islamic terrorism " as a force that threatens free people everywhere . they know that fear destroys reason , leaving the individual's conscience in the hands of those who instill the fear . similarly , fascism and zionism achieved their objectives through fear , resulting in the vast societal fear syndrome.wordswordswords
then sometime in late 1963 , i noticed an issue of wordswordswordsthe amazing spidermanwordswordswords . while i never wanted to be bit by a radioactive spider , i immediately decided i wanted to be a chemist . 16 years later i got my college degree in chemistry .
wordswordswordswow . you were dynamite , bro . i canwordswordswordst believe it . what a small world.wordswordswords
iwordswordswordsm mostly disappointed that i ripped two holes in my nice black work pants . actually , iwordswordswordsm also a little disappointed that not one person pulled over and no pedestrian stopped to ask me if i was okay .
manos said the outdoor libraries are an attempt to draw attention to the detroit public library branch closings and give back to the community .
" honor our fathers and mothers,wordswordswords and the promise is wordswordswordsso that it may be well with you , and that you may live long on the earthwordswordswordswordswordswords (see ephesians 6:2-3)
the vessel was just comfortable for two people ; there was room only for necessities , and flambeau had stocked it with such things as his special philosophy considered necessary . they reduced themselves , apparently , to four essentials : tins of salmon , if he should want to eat ; loaded revolvers , if he should want to fight ; a bottle of brandy , presumably in case he should faint ; and a priest , presumably in case he should die .
makes about 12 large cakes ; serves 6 to 8
12 . mickles and muckles , examines the insanity and corruption of state capitalism , and wonders why on earth the left still places faith in it .
these lies and deceptions repeatedly committed by the mass media are quite simply no excuse for what is happening to the white race . ignorance is not an excuse because it is simply not recognised in nature . in fact , if anything , ignorance is a damning indictment on just how dumbed-down and cowed the white race has allowed itself to become .
today my foh and i took a little trip to the seaside . to brighton in fact . we started off with a little walk through the lanes - one of a number of brighton's well known and recommended visitor destinations .
wordswordswordsthis has been framed as somebodywordswordswordss faultwordswordswordseither the parentswordswordswords fault or the teacherswordswordswords fault,wordswordswords ms . altwerger said . wordswordswordsthe fault lies with an education policy that does not work.wordswordswords
after many twisting , winding roads with tight hairpin turns , we arrived in ravello , italy late yesterday .
now you see why i said at the very beginning of this presentation that itwordswordswordss not for the faint of heart . imagine our government , the economy , housing prices and the stock market all collapsing at the same time ?

however , whilst people are often attracted to your spirited personality , this is a month when your sparkling personality can also gain you many new greedy admirers and ' friends ' in strange new , and perhaps quite unpleasant environments .
we asked our friendly driver if he knew where we could find a henna artist . and that's how we ended up in the home of one of his relatives ' being hennaed by three teenaged girls .
we know that our old self was crucified with him in order that the body of sin might be brought to nothing , so that we would no longer be enslaved to sin . (romans 6:6)
life insurance is a tool that can be used to ensure that a person will have the capital to fund all of his important goals , even if he dies before acquiring sufficient resources to fund those goals himself . essentially , life insurance is a hedge against the untimely death of the primary bread winner and the resulting shortfall of resources that may result from early death . if you are the primary income earner and you have a family , life insurance is extremely important . furthermore , life insurance policies often help cover the costs of funerals , which in the united states has reached an average cost between $7,500 to $10,000 .
this post really sucks to write . i just want to get it over with .
- strawberries no . 1 grade 1 lb $1.99 each (usa)
half an hour later i landed on the springboard floor with an wordswordswordsoof!wordswordswords after deciding that downclimbing wasnwordswordswordst going to work out on the route i was on . i got a good workout in hustling from the wall immediately past the point of entry to the freestanding bouldering areawordswordswordsa four-sided wordswordswordsboulderwordswordswords (bouldering wall) covered in traverses and aretes as well as standard lap routes of varying degrees of difficulty . and herewordswordswordss where i started having trouble .
you donwordswordswordst need an eye for detail to see that this contains a redundant word :
you know , the demented psychotic blind fools praising the anc government for supposedly building houses (for illegal immigrants) and supplying electricity (which is never paid for by those wordswordswordspreviously disadvantagedwordswordswords) , never care to tell the other side of the story . like the liberal socialist left , the truth remains a scarce commodity .
today i am delighted to have ya author nicola morgan guest posting on my blog as part of her blog tour to promote her new novel , wasted , which was released in the uk on 3rd may . take it away nicola .
so do you remember when i talked about how mister man's teacher didn't do the best job correcting his math homework ? i let it go because mister man needs to learn that people in authority aren't always right , and really . . . in the grand scheme of things , it isn't that big a deal . he was fine with it , and i chalked it up to a bad teacher book , though it wasn't the first time it happened .
wordswords 11 oz . steaks that are hungry man size but can be cut into smaller portions !
ok . ..enough with the monologue ,
i am way over due to tell you about the national registry exam . i took it on july 16th along with two of my fellow classmates . we all met at a point along the way then carpooled to the test site . we were scheduled within 15 minutes of each other to take the exam . we stopped on the way to have breakfast . a nice little sit down place near the test site served excellent food for a reasonable price and we ate togther while bantering back and forth nervously wishing to get the exam overwith .
this was the first time i tried splattering paint on any of my projects . maybe a layout wasn't the best place to do this for the very first time ? it was a lot harder than i had anticipated . perhaps because i wanted the splatter in specific places . . . not sure .
still need some drawings for your disclosure ? click here for context free design grammar where you can use your randomly assembled paper's as a text file input to spit out a neat graphic .
spread a little bit of the jam you like the most over one cookie and cover with another one making the wordswordsalfajorwordswords . wet the sides with some jam and sprinkle with sugar .
let's look from both sides :
i've realized that i feel very much at home there when i go in the bathroom to use the potty (yes , i call it that now all the time . having kids , you know ? ) . in fact as i go into the bathroom , i have to remember that i'm not at home and really think about who else is in the house . this is because i almost never shut the door when i use the bathroom in my own house .
david & bathsheba : through nathanwordswordswordss eyes / joel cohen
so while i do miss the days of doing that , i know that it does not exist for now in south africa and therefore there is nothing to miss .
2 . the days are hot and dry now , around 37 wordswordsc . yesterday the thai staff said they received sms warnings about an upcoming storm . i asked when it would hit and they phoned back and said wordswordswordswordswordswordsit will hit bangkok tonightwordswordswords (i.e . last night) and that chiang mai and chiang rai provinces have been warned . they added there will be terrible winds and hail , coming from china . then i said it must hit us soon because if it is a northern storm going towards bangkok then we are in its way , but the sky looked clear . i suspected the thai staff , who has no clue which direction china is (north) , and in spite of my educational efforts still do not know which direction the monsoon comes from (southwest) , may have talked nonsense . i consulted the thai meteorological department website and they forecast five days of continuous drought with 10% chance of thunder showers . that is perfectly normal weather for april and so i rejected the nonsense of the staff and kept watering , wondering where they get their disinformation from ?
we are pleased to announce a new call for more design team members for downunder direct wholesale . while we have a fantastic team already , we would like to extend this invitation .
the rising ladder tore out the overhead wires and put out the electricity and disconnected the telephones in a ten-square city block area (but they did get the house fire out) .
to the labyrinth by the sea
some unknown person was there to provide the animal for jesus to ride in on for his triumphal entry into jerusalem .
lucky me !
- anything saw related . the first one was overrated , the second and third were tolerable . everything thereafter sucks massive stinky horse balls .
this is why i will be voting in people magazine's reader's choice hero contest for andrea roberts . she has created an organization called reece's rainbow , named after her son with ds , to help these children from around the world find their forever families through adoption . over 300 children are growing up loved , healthy , and happy because of andrea's work .
recently i have arrived at a new milestone . two years in a relationship . a good relationship , despite my many commitment fears and imposed anxieties from a previous relationship . however , now i donwordswordswordst know what to do . what do you do in a long term relationship after two years ? there seems to be no blueprint in my present nor in my past life , no clue how to handle this situation . and my nomadic heart wants to run for the hills . there it can find new stimuli and rejoice in new activities to my heartwordswordswordss content .
i love the idea of little angels watching over god's children , both young and old . sheila walsh's 2nd book in the series , gabby , god's little angel , is a sweet story around the verse galatians : 6:9 , which says :
serve on its own or toasted and buttered (with olivani , our dairy free spread!)
today , there are over a dozen companies that make running shoes . they used to be really bulky and heavy but have become really lightweight , especially with the barefoot craze that is sweeping the globe today .
john lodge- bass/guitar/vocals
$150-200k a year , increase to 7%/7% (14% total)
my response to you addresses the following statements in your letter to mr . dewani . i would suggest that if you follow my recommendations , you are far more likely to provide mr . dewani with a free and fair trial , where you can find the honest answers to your questions :
wordswordswordswhat the hell , kenny ? wordswordswords spat a fellow detective at the desk across the aisle from his .
today , my topic is anti-philosophy . sometimes you just have to throw philosophy out the window and enjoy a greasy pizza from your favorite joint , you know ? i truly believe that as long as you don't live on junk food , a little isn't going to kill you .
carrots , 2 medium , peeled and sliced
1 crooked
the gorilla glass is missing in ace 2.its having pls tft capacitive touchscreen,16m colors
i promise i will get pictures posted in the next day or so . i am wrapping up a fundraiser tomorrow and will be back on track right after . see you in april
a more common use of the wordswordswordsrwordswordswords word is in respect of those who object to the fact that the most significant changes ever to have occurred in this country were imposed upon us over the last forty years without even a pretence of democracy , a choice or the opportunity to vote on it . it is used also against those who do not unquestioningly welcome uncontrolled levels of immigration , or accept as gospel that the newcomers bring nothing but benefits to our ancient homelands .
the panels are decorated with distress inks , stamped with script and covered in gold perfect pearls , then stamped again with a butterfly stamp . images and lace are glued in place . all the lace started out as white and was inked with distress inks to match the project .
it's one of those things that bugs me that i can't tell others about because they'll think i'm a crazy person ! !
rule two : i will not be afraid of the market just because iwordswordswordsm not following the leader . this stuff is much more fluid than that .
yesterday was a great day ! we took our second day of advanced open water and completed our deep dive and another elective . our day started early at 715 at the shop . i donwordswordswordst like to get up early but i will if iwordswordswordsm going diving . we completed our knowledge reviews and were on our way down to the waianae boat harbor by 8am .
wordswordswordsdonwordswordswordst look so surprised,wordswordswords he said . wordswordswordsyou gave me permission to lurk.wordswordswords
senior manager technology / senior specialist wordswordswords websphere commerce
the last drop created a ripple in the still sparkling liquid . he watched the tiny blue waves as they slowly faded into the colorless ness of the drink.peter walked out of the water looking like adonis .
the ipcc thinks the sun plays nary a role on climate and that anthropogenic factors explain almost the entire warming since 1850 .
finally , apps and ebooks may or may not have an impact- but i have no experience of them , so i can't comment from experience . nosy crow's cinderella app looks great , and i am quite excited about the possibilities of the choose your own adventure app- the original books were huge favourites with y3 and 4 boys . in my experience this is the age that children may start to be reluctant to read independently , but spotting the furtive groups of boys huddling in the corners of playground swapping books was a delight in the 90s !
one of my friends on facebook just introduced me to a new singing sensation from britain . this 17 year old is amazing . the clip from britainwordswordswordss got talent just brings tears to my eyes . you have just got to love the underdog , the kid who looks are so deceiving , that you would never believe the utter beauty that comes from this young manwordswordswordss vocal chords . i just cannot get enough of him . he is just amazing .
on saturday i ran (with a slight bit of walking thrown in) 5.2 miles in a st . patrick's day beerun while suffering from some serious pollen allergies .
the associationwordswordswordss president and attorney arenwordswordswordst talking . public records detailing the steps they have taken show mccarnwordswordswordss house is just one of six the association is seeking to rent out . that doesnwordswordswordst count homes the association has taken in foreclosure and is now renting .
i drift back to the guys and we exchange email-addresses . they are also willing to sign model-releases . they ask question , we ask questionswordswordswords therewordswordswordss laughter and joy .
you make him call before
john 21:15-16
**likely from our constant refrain of " it's like paris with a ' c' . "
we returned back to sydney on the 26th of january 2010 and on the 28th of january i receive an email from abhinav that says : wordswordswordshello uncle ajoy . i am abhinav , your friend pramodwordswordswordss son . dad was trying to get in touch with you . but destiny had other things in store for him . dad passed away on the 27th . . .wordswordswords
just pretending itwordswordswordss okay
you bar attorneys will join them for your crimes .
human nature : machine ecology by ian bailey
scarborough : ha
the grapes in this worldly vineyard are ripening for godwordswordswordss judgment . those are two of the vines found in scripture . then there is jesus wordswordswords the true vine . whenever there are wordswordswordstypeswordswordswords of christ in the bible , christ fulfills those types , and is a wordswordswordsbetter thanwordswordswords those types . he is the vine from which all other vines are copies or imitations .
the orange owl is from south america and is supposed to be good luck . a good , well-traveled friend gave it to me and i keep it over the ashes of caj and miska .
except , it now turns out that naki with his standard 5 education was actually a black wunderkind who in truth performed the heart transplant operation , only for the evil white oppressor to steal all the glory from him ! but wait , it gets better ! while googling for some background info on dr naki (in 2003 he received an honorary medical doctorate from - who else - uct) i stumbled across this bit of wordswordswordshistorywordswordswords :
yet , they still persist . and the rhetoric becomes more low class by the hour .
camassia is a genus of six species native to western north america , from southern british columbia to northern california , and east to utah , wyoming and montana . historically , the genus was thought to belong to the lily family (liliaceae) , sometimes narrowed down to the families scillaceae or hyacinthaceae , but dna and biochemical studies have led the apg ii-group to reassign camassia to the family agavaceae . common names include camas , quamash , indian hyacinth , and wild hyacinth .
happy saturday ! i hope you are enjoying your weekend so far and i hope the weather is better out your way , because it's all sorts of rainy here this morning . yuck ! guess i better just stay inside with a hot cuppa and get stampy , right ?
right before my sons left for a camp out this morning , my #4 bear-hugged me and called me " mama" , which i love . and my #3 promised me he would not do anything stupid , like take dares or melt his shoes in the fire , or break his pelvis . again .
this division will eventually be : reds , cardinals , brewers , pirates , cubs , astros
. . . that honesty received when you specifically ask for it is just as valuable as good advice , even if it's not exactly what you want to hear .
a whole new worthwhile , now life sits in her belly and spins around daily ,
wordswordswordsyou donwordswordswordst want a piece of candy , do you ? wordswordswords
wordswordswordsi come from mighty mountain bjroknorenstein.wordswordswords
reality check : the christian conservatives have worn out their welcome just as labor unions did back in the 70s . you could almost hear millions of people cheer as one when reagan disbanded the patco workers in 1981 . that single act arguably solidified his hold on the presidency from that point forward and doomed unions to the also-ran status from which they are just now emerging . in that same way , you can hear millions holding their breath and getting ready to cheer palinwordswordswordss hoped-for debacle in the vp debates tonight .
the sequence i scrubbed up was ultimately forced to walk the plank in editorial but i'm proud to have a credit on this hilarious film . go see it- it's a barrel of larfs !
as i promised earlier in the week , itwordswordswordss time for a contest ! this contest will focus around my year in review .
dropped him off three minutes early , which the teachers apparently did not like . wow . he showed me round and i left him in the sandpit , after happily being told to leave because he was fine , i stole a kiss and snook off , struggling to adamwordswordswordss with an empty pram , and adam and a dog in tow .
to sum it up , bpd is severe emotional immaturity that can be felt by the individual and perceived by others . itwordswordswordss a painful experience and everyday is a struggle . for too many years , the diagnosis was ignored . ironic . therewordswordswordss been a surge of new research and development on special behavioral therapies to help those cope with bpd . to learn more about bpd take a look at my section on helpful links .
and of course , it didn't last forever . it was a " sacrifice " i was more than happy to make for a year for my sweet girl . it was only temporary .
drug excretion and exercise
okay , ready ? so , the literal reason i find this funny is the notion that god , as envisioned by most monotheistic religions , might essentially have made a straight up statistical error . if you look at the means- life spans are getting longer , crime rates are going down , happiness is generally increasing- on the whole , it looks like a pretty good world . once you start paying attention to the dispersion , however , suddenly things snap into a different kind of focus . it's a useful way of pointing out that the story we tell can in many instances depend on what data we're paying attention to , and if you're not paying attention to all of the relevant data , you're probably missing something .
my running has taken a back seat for the last few weeks , mainly because of work (a no go blog post-wise unfortunately) so racing is not on the agenda . however the late nights and long stints cooped up at a desk makes me value my runs more and i'm actually enjoying myself when i do get out . never a bad thing and has helped me shake my " meh " mentality . ;)
the name for the campaign comes from the idea that the united states could dramatically change the futures of thousands of people living in poverty simply by setting aside an additional one percent of their budget to provide basic sanitation and educational needs to africans living in extreme poverty (youwordswordswordsre in extreme poverty when you live on less than a dollar a day) . they also call for debt cancellation and strong anti-corruption measures to insure that the money americans are already giving actually gets to those in poverty and is not taken by a corrupt , oppressive government for its own purposes .
1 pleased
we drove to my parents house and waited for santa to come . we put out cookies , and we sprinkled the reindeer food in the yard , and we waited . abby came in the next morning and was speechless at all the presents under the tree . santa brought her all the things she asked for - a toy dog , kitty , doll , and playdoh . aaaaaand , about a suitcase worth of other stuff . there were so many presents that abby asked to take a break mid morning . she said , " i think i just need to go wash dishes for a while " and she did . after she'd done some washing , she came back and opened the remainder of her gifts .
the pants seem to be about say 3-4 inches below the normal
most people say ' i can't imagine doing that . ' trust me . while it is not an easy thing to do , it is easier than you might think , and when you read what i am about to tell you , it might just make you think twice before you pull into the drive-through if you are having any issues with your health .
angry , terrified tears fell down the sides of her face as he started to count . one , two , threewordswordswords
and finally , the water nymph (or wordswordswordsnarfwordswordswords) named story . and the weary , plodding apartment caretaker .
time is running out as war between the olympians and the evil titan lord kronos draws near . even the safe haven of camp half-blood grows more vulnerable by the minute as kronowordswordswordss army prepares to invade its once impenetrable borders . to sotp the invasion , percy and his demigod friends must set out on a quest through the layrinth-a sprawling underground world with stunning surprise at every turn.wordswordswords
let cool on a wire rack for at least 15 minutes . run a knife around the edge of the pan and carefully invert the cake onto a serving plate . serve warm or at room temperature .
once again , um shows the world what a fraud they are and how undeserving they were of a bcs bowl bid . less than 200 yards of total offense ? are you kidding me ? va . tech handled you guys , but couldn't handle themselves . any team with a decent defense can stop the supposedly heisman-worthy denard robinson (as michigan state has proved 2 years in a row) . there are a couple of nice players there , but please - um is living on its reputation (which the current crop of guys did nothing to deserve) and nothing else . they didn't beat anyone substantial and got handled by the better teams they faced .
the left hand side of the page . . .
carwardine is right - the fish is real . but whether or not it actually does what the stories say it does has been the cause of my headaches this week . the truth is somewhat confused .
billion c m . the agreement gave iec the option of extending the agreement by another five years on the same terms . the gas started to flow only in the middle of 2008 ; by mid june 2009 , emg had already failed to meet its commitments . the egyptians demanded a price increase over what was stipulated in the agreement because of the large difference from the price of gas on the global market . in august 2009 , iec signed an updated agreement with emg that met egyptwordswordswordss demands . thereafter , until the political upheavals , egypt met its obligations . however , once the uprisings began , the egyptian opposition demanded a halt in the supply of gas to israel or a price increase . concurrently , the flow of gas was interrupted several times because of attacks on the pipeline in the el-arish area .
one important reason for this was the rise in scale of newspaper enterprise and the associated increase in capital costs from the mid-nineteenth century onward , which was based on technological improvements along with the ownerswordswordswords increased stress on reaching large audiences . the expansion of the free market was accompanied by an wordswordswordsindustrialization of the press.wordswordswords the total cost of establishing a national weekly on a profitable basis in i837 was under a thousand pounds , with a break-even circulation of 6,200 copies . by i867 , the estimated start-up cost of a new london daily was 50,000 pounds . the sunday express , launched in i9i8 , spent over two million pounds before it broke even with a circulation of over 200,000 .
randy robison and wife carie are two of the lemonade making type of folk . they discovered that what some might consider a depressing dilemma was in fact an opportunity to do something they had wanted to do for a long time .
mexican spanish
i am so thankful for everything god has done for me . let me tell you , he has worked miracles in my life . because of god , i only spent one year in jail . he let me out wordswordswords not the judge , not the guard , not sheriff joe wordswordswords but jesus . jesus gave me my freedom when i first asked him into my heart and my life . then he opened the gates and let me out of jail . he continues day after day , blessing me . he helps me . he holds me . he loves me . he takes care of me .
florist/caterer/rentals : my future mother-in-law of course !
1 fertilization
4:13 pm wordswordswords fresh tremors felt
you release
as i look forward to becoming a mother . ..hopefully sooner than later . ..i am reminded of all the wonderful role models i have in my life . women who modeled , and continue to model , the mother that god wants us to be . one of those women is my own mother .
10:30 am wordswordswords 11:45 am plenary panel discussion : elena lamberti (university of bologna) , rob shields (university of alberta) , and douglas barbour (university of alberta) , wordswordswordsmcluhan and artistic vision in the wireless citywordswordswords
i see crowds of people , walking round in a ring .
so my dear babies , probably this blog will return to at least weekly posting after easter . let's pretend we gave it up for lent .
the session in which three publishers talked about process , discipline , waltzing and the vise . (not vice)
we donwordswordswordst feel tired , nor think itwordswordswordss strained , do you know why ? because we have all of you loving us !
mrs . sparklywordswordswordss ten commandments
most people apprehend what fish species they have their fly fishing equipment for , most well liked are bass and trout , an outsized mouth bass behaves differently in its pursuit of its prey than will a rainbow trout . they conjointly fight differently and are found in numerous environments .
" no , but david touched its twin . "
boston , ma
i'd kiss them , and then pay all our bills and then go shopping . duh .
remember his humorous speeches ,
pulse the nuts in a food processor until they are fairly well ground , and then throw in the dates and cocoa . process until it is an even consistency . you can press it into a pan and throw it into the fridge for a half hour or so before cutting into squares , but i like them better rolled into little balls . the " batter " seems to go much further this way . enjoy !
minot is home to the cardiologist bismarck north dakota and boating are the cardiologist bismarck north dakota with anglers catching white bass , pike and walleye on a regular basis . whopper yellow perch are favorite winter prizes for the cardiologist bismarck north dakota of moving elsewhere to find it but am sorry to disappoint you that it is not entirely true . there are two camping sites in the cardiologist bismarck north dakota and boating are the cardiologist bismarck north dakota with anglers catching white bass , pike and walleye on a regular basis . whopper yellow perch are favorite winter prizes for the cardiologist bismarck north dakota . you can expect to be thoroughly qualified for a loan . nobody knows your budget better than you .
vegan breakfast options : becky thatcherwordswordswordss fresh fruit plate wordswordswords *i ate this* a very generous platter of fruit including , strawberries , grapes , melon , honeydew , & kiwi .
i open the blinds and squint through the window of our globetrotter . half asleep i say : wordswordswordscaves!wordswordswords logan is confused : wordswordswordswhat ? wordswordswords so i repeat it : wordswordswordswe gotta go to the caves today , itwordswordswordss raining!wordswordswords wordswordswordsah!wordswordswords he replies and turns around for another 5 seconds . then he jumps up and says : wordswordswordsok letwordswordswordss get going then.wordswordswords
week 3 : monday , sept . 24 , green bay , 5:30 pm
the lord was good throughout it all . . . i almost didn't realize how crazy it was until we were on the tail end of it . he gave me so much strength , and the ability to carry a heavy load with joy and peace . . . . but man , when jan 2nd hit me . . wow . i was crumbling big time . by dinner time , i was standing in the kitchen , looking around , knowing i was supposed to be making dinner for my family , and serving them , but all i could do was wander upstairs , sit in the bathroom , and cry . nathan , bless hi heart , found me and helped me . he's amazing . :o)
because of the greater variety of hardware used in android phones , androidwordswordswordss battery life is more varied and , on average , less than the iphonewordswordswordss . while early iphone models had batteries that required a charge nearly every day , thatwordswordswordss no longer true . with recent models , itwordswordswordss easy to go days at a time without needing a charge .
thus , mr . campbell points out , the lungs of a venus inhabitant would have to be designed to perform a special function of extracting oxygen from carbon dioxide and his body cells would have a different chemical nature than ours . now , since carbon dioxide is an extremely poor source of oxygen , a venus man would have to breathe in considerable amounts to extract oxygen , hence his lungs would be developed to enormous size , giving him a tremendous barrel chest .
susan harris (rep) 5.64% 208
i particularly like bringing my kids to this library because of its intimate , child-focused environment and find that my children enjoy it more than other larger libraries . i have also found that watching my children play with the different toys provides me with great opportunity to introduce new books related to their play .
q : what do you have in store for the langdon prep series ? how many books do you have planned ?
i am very thankful that my career is advancing and i'm being kept busy . i love it , truly . but still , the last time i sat down to work just for me ? i can't remember . it's always deadlines , class descriptions and article proposals .
neck - word window
john paciorek didnwordswordswordst know is that it would be the only two and half hours of his
she is on the beach with dad---
essence is coming out with a new collection called marble mania here is what essence has to say about this collection . marble mania trendy , twisted and totally hip : inspired by spectacular marble effects , essence presents the new trendeditionwordswordswordsmarble maniawordswordswords in march and april 2012 . lovers of marble coloring and extraordinary textures can look forward to multi-dimensional effects . mascara , eyeshadow or lipgloss wordswordswords the marbling is sure to cause a stir ! several colors merge into one for a unique swirly-marble look by essence wordswordswords itwordswordswordss spring-time ! eyeshadow intense , bright colors with a multi-dimensional effect : the baked eyeshadows with triple marbling and a high percentage of pearl-pigmentation guarantee the ultimate wow-factor . the eyeshadows have an awesome marble look and offer just the right touch of color when applied moist or dry . available in 01 seriously mixed up , 02 let's get twisted and 03 swirl it , baby !
one thing carrie is considering is fashion . wordswordswordsi would love to get into , like , designing clothes and shoes and things like that . i consider myself to be a girly girl and i have a lot of clothes in my closet.wordswordswords carrie also said she would want to design clothes to make people feel confident .
from frome valley with apple kisses
letwordswordswordss take a bit of a journey into the jeff carter conundrum . he was considered an off-ice liability during his time in philadelphia (youwordswordswordsll remember the infamous/hilarious dry island saga) , but never really a drag on the flyers when playing . that all took a turn when he was traded to the jackets and his play simply plummeted . injuries and pure luck certainly played a role in his ineffective time wearing union blue . still , based on his statements and his actions (especially post-trade from philly) , i canwordswordswordst help but conclude (like nearly everybody else) that carter just didnwordswordswordst want to be in columbus . furthermore , i also conclude that his disposition infected his play and his demeanor when with the team .
position : manager , institutional giving
i envision nasty bureaucratic infighting if open-access publishing ever becomes common in the scholarly world . iwordswordswordsm not saying open-access is a bad principle , but a shift to it would have unintended consequences . university administrators need to start thinking about them now .
wordswordswordsthis is the picture of the structure of the ultimate reality,wordswordswords maharishi concluded . wordswordswordsthe self-referral intelligence in motion , within its own singularity , giving rise to the mechanics of creation and evolutionwordswordswordsthe unified field of pure intelligence spontaneously giving rise to the diversity of all the laws of nature within itself .
my editor asked great questions that made me think beyond the chronological details of billwordswordswordss life . she encouraged me to explore the question as to why bill traylor began to draw . she offered many suggestions , always leaving the final decision to me .
gagelerwordswordswordss argument appears to rest principally on the proposition that section 42 requires an application for registration of a trade mark to be rejected if wordswordswordsits use would be contrary to lawwordswordswords . this , gageler argues , shows that positive rights of use in a trade mark are not conferred by the trade marks act 1995 (cth) in that they can be diminished or extinguished by other laws both commonwealth and state . however this appears to conflate considerations relevant to the creation of a trade mark with the question of whether once created it is a proprietary right for constitutional purposes .
" not at all . brigham young told us-- "
i can taste my gum . know my mouth is fresh .
wordswordswordsoh , iwordswordswordsm a neurosurgeon.wordswordswords
as for being laughed out of the country , china is building multitudes of coal-fired power stations because they are the most efficient for bulk power generation .
thursday already ? i guess i can't complain , the weekend's right around the corner ! i'm not going to lie though , this week has been a little stressful life-wise . we've been looking into moving into a different neighborhood , looking at different options as far as apartments go , and that's enough to send me into a stressed frenzy , weird dreams and all . i envy those " type a " personalities who can decide they want to do something , and then get it done . the thought of moving is overwhelming to me though , i mean , we only just settled in to our place . the bright side is that we never fully unpacked from massachusetts . also , i've been putting off doing my taxes . i had four jobs last year- though i feel there's a fifth i'm forgetting about- plus we got married , plus we moved . it makes me want to hide under a rock . how do you deal with stress ? i try to make it to the gym as much as i can when i'm stressed out , but even then , it's hard to find the time . when i'm home , i try to just focus on one thing at a time .
they wondered , not unreasonably , whether hans mightnwordswordswordst be getting his hoof-tapping cues from somewhere other than his unprecedented equine cognitive powers . no horse had ever shown any signs of this level of mental acuity before , or even anything close . i mean , look at how some of these questions were phrased : wordswordswordsif the eighth day of the month comes on a tuesday , what is the date of the following friday ? wordswordswords now granted , as far as the mathematics goes , wewordswordswordsre still about on a par with modern gcse papers . but thatwordswordswordss some fairly sophisticated sentence structure there , with the conditional clause and everything , not to mention the background knowledge about our modern calendar that youwordswordswordsd need for it to make any sense . humans are good at all this , but itwordswordswordss something we still havenwordswordswordst had much luck teaching computers to learn , and itwordswordswordss more than has ever been observed in even the smartest monkeys . and some of those monkeys can put particularly stupid humans to shame . this was seriously big news , if the horse really was that clever .
now , here are the hop details :
i had to think of how to make sense of words in a sentence .
at times made me think ,
when your heart beat
7 . king tut - steve martin
i finished my seventh marathon in three years in madrid a few days ago and it was wonderful and great but i've promised myself no fall marathon this year . which , was not entirely self imposed as i was sick the day marine corps opened and slept right through registration but took that as a sign . honestly , i have no desire to run through the texas heat , i am sick of feeling guilty for missing a run , missing opportunities with friends and really , being tired and sore all the damn time .
and for this surprise giveaway , i have a very special gift for the winner . . .
did it work ?
the republican candidates to succeed mr . obama are beginning to find their voices on the national security portfolio . they will be formally debating the president's sorry record in coming weeks . the question the american people will want answered is not only " who lost the world ? " but what they will do to get it back .
i first did my 5 things i love post a year ago today and since then , i have found even more items in my home/closet that make me smile . so i thought i would do an update :)
entering a state of higher consciousness wordswordswords a term used to explain experience that transcends conditioned thought wordswordswords takes us into more expanded dimensions of conscious being , involving frequencies that for the most part cannot be wordswordswordsmeasuredwordswordswords , from a conventional scientific perspective . the spontaneous expression of love and kindness are examples of the transcendence of conditioned thinking and doing .
but then you reached into your pocket , pulled something out and i couldnwordswordswordst pretend anymore .
a faint smile crossed sandrawordswordswordss face , but then she shook her head : wordswordswordsi couldnwordswordswordst do that to another woman . besides , shewordswordswordsd know it was a hoax if she hadnwordswordswordst been to the clinic.wordswordswords
i do intend to get back on track ! in fact , let me know (either in comments or a email) if you have any topics youwordswordswordsd like to hear about . otherwise , expect new posts sometime in the coming weeks (definitely before christmas) .
me : if you donwordswordswordst tell me i canwordswordswordst help you can i
(b) last week nama obtained charges over several million euro worth of assets including wordswordswords600,000 of cash as security for costs and damages in the forthcoming judicial review .
ah , the things that run through my mind late at night . ::checks time: : well , itwordswordswordss not even that late at night . only 10:30 now .
but later i found him in the carpark .
arguably , arsenal has the easiest remaining fixtures while newcastle faces a tough stretch to the finish line .
i love the cozy touch the linen panels add to the bedroom , while also drawing attention to the tall ceilings .
the catastrophic history of you and me
of your limbic rose tongue ,
wordswordswordslord , teach us to pray just as john taught his disciples.wordswordswords
and ang will be back later to share today's fun sales ! !
i will offer caution to those who are huge animal lovers . this book is not for those who are easily overcome by animal death . there are several heartbreaking moments , and each one brings a tug on the heartstrings .
has it really been 2 months since i wrote anything ? i guess it has . . . .
update 5 (8:05 pm-8:55 pm) :
" uh huh, " he said , trying to find a few more words . " it's awfully nice , but i tell you , it doesn't hardly feel right to accept it . "
why itwordswordswordss hypnotic
it was just two paragraphs in the boston globe that morning in october 2008 :
ethics . whew that one word says a lot to me right now . i recently read one of my teacherwordswordswordss papers on that topic recently and wished i had read it sooner . it might have saved us all a lot of grief , and avoided a lot of hurt feelings and the sense of betrayal felt by quite a few . what is done is done , though , and cannot be undone . time will have to heal these hurts and we will all move on with our lives .
the smell of fresh blood , bile , fish , and the crack of the butcher cleaver against bone were just too much for her . i looked over at beej as she lifted a single finger to her nose and choked back a gag . beads of sweat quickly appeared on her forehead and the pale color in her face told me we needed to get out of this wordswordswordswet marketwordswordswords before we had a nausious woman contaminating the chicken feet and pig intestine .
recently that has all changed . not because we are making any more money than we were before , we're not , but because i've become more aware of what is happening with our food system . you can blame the documentaries , we've been on a kick watching them lately , but really i think this has been a long time in coming .
and hey they have a camel that predicts the superbowl winners
the daft thing is , you donwordswordswordst need a food mixer at all to do the chocolate guinness cake recipe . you melt the butter in a large saucepan with the guinness and then add all the remaining ingredients to the pan wordswordswords itwordswordswordss so easy .
inspecting the door , the ninja discovers traps , so upstairs darryl jumps out of the window to report back to the others . tonks casts a dark bridge towards the window and , together with the paladin and the monk , climbs in , while the city guards guard the building from the outside .
it wasnwordswordswordst your fault !
cost : 2
allow yourselves to become
but the pack's been keeping a secret , and when bryn goes exploring against callum's orders , she finds chase , a newly turned teen were locked in a cage . terrifying memories of the attack on her mom and dad come flooding back . bryn needs answers , and she needs chase to get them . suddenly , all allegiances to the pack no longer matter . it's bryn and chase against the werewolf world , whatever the consequences .
the left side , the upper left hand corner is pulled down and folded over towards the center .
the effort is massive
of course , one similarity between rt booklovers ' convention and the myriad science fiction conventions i've been to over the years is the books . certainly one would expect that from a convention with the word " booklover " in its title , but i wasn't prepared for the sheer number i'd come across .
gift 4 : (resurrection) a glove
the following is my response to her post , verbatim :
look at you , girl
itwordswordswordss been quite a week since coming back from my visit to washington . itwordswordswordss weirdwordswordswordsi had to back up and delete the word wordswordswordshomewordswordswords and replace it with wordswordswordsback from my visitwordswordswords because itwordswordswordss still odd for me to call charleston wordswordswordshome.wordswordswords i guess iwordswordswordsve come to realize that wordswordswordshomewordswordswords is where my life is right now .
her quilts are auh-maze-ing!! ! she has created and is working on a space invader quilt that is simply divine . as a kid who grew up in the 80's i am uber jealous of her nephew and this awesome quilt he will be getting . way cool!!! ! !
for godwordswordswordss sake we should stay apart-wordswordswordsmy great sin
dear father , i thank you for strengthening me through your word today and every day of my life ; thank you for all the victories and triumphs that i experience everyday as a result of putting my faith in you to work . iwordswordswordsm encouraged and rightly positioned for the victorious life as you lead me daily in triumphal procession , in jesus christ name amen !
75% of the scenes in the above trailer do not occur in the movie , including riteish deshmukhwordswordswordss rant which would actually have improved the movie to some extent . based on the number of scenes just shot for this trailer , the movie could well have been a murder mystery and we would have been none the wiser .
and many of her friends were already too far ahead to catch up to .
this age is , i know , just a precursor to the teen years to come . as frustrating as certain moments can be , i treasure this time . yes , he is half-grown , but if the glimpses that i see of the man he may become prove true , he will grow to be a man of worth . that is what i hope someday to see .
run further
a grand time was had by all !
fruit & vegetables
but if you so much as dare to speak ,
on saturday morning i had to admit defeat and tell hubby he was rightwordswordswords . i think i am better suited to sit up front and take the money than do all that running serving tables . trust me , 54 years old is not the time to start serving tables unless youwordswordswordsve done it for a long time or are in great physical shapewordswordswords neither of which is the case for me ! to my chagrin i had to admit defeat and tell him that yes , he was correctwordswordswordswe were going to need to hire more servers and iwordswordswordsd be just as happy as a little clam to sit my big fat tookus and handle the money and greet the customers and help out serving if we got slammed . i am just smart enough to know when to yell wordswordswordsunclewordswordswords !
' no . no . its okay . for now . i'll call you if i feel worse . . . ' i literally croaked , choking on some vomit . ' i have to go now . . . '
now is when i'm getting ready to bring beer to a few events . i have a co-worker going to denver and he's got a bye bye party . i think i'll bring 10-15 gallons to that . he's expecting 50 people and that would hold a good chance of drinking everything i bring .
def : to make the most of yourself
the latest outrage from the anti-israel (and mostly antisemitic) bds (boycott , divestment , sanctions) movement comes from the british co-op supermarket stores . (h/t times of israel who provided a link to the bds-ers website , which i will not do here so as not to give them the traffic they desire) .
before they fade to gray
3 . decide to respond not react .
you live in a fancy apartment
but in the case of bob's phony " doctorate" , they clearly don't .
to avoid any lines in your photographs , use a large piece of paper for your backdrop , i love to have a white background so i am using a piece of a3 white card , but you can use any color you like . you can also use fabric if you prefer .
so , i guess iwordswordswordsve been practicing community building all along and when we finally start to travel and live in new places , iwordswordswordsll use my starbucks experience wordswordswords be the first to smile . always say hello . never miss an opportunity to talk to a stranger wordswordswords youwordswordswordsll hear the most interesting stories . take the comfy chair and sit awhile . relax and enjoy .

is it like this , are we like this ?
the right decision .
1) i feel like i have to finish everything i ever started there before i leave . which my french colleagues say is the exact opposite of what most people do in my position . what the effing-ef is wrong with me ?
wordswordswordswewordswordswordsve since had people come in again asking for it that way , so wewordswordswordsre going to offer it this way wordswordswords complete with the chip shop bottle of sauce for that authentic experience.wordswordswords
me : write and publish books and collaborate with a french university developing video online courses .
thanks for looking ,
1 medium size onion , chopped
my brother moved to montreal last week and has only been gone for less than a week and itwordswordswordss so strange how much i miss him even though i didnwordswordswordst see him everyday .
my red is so confident he flashes trophies of war and ribbons of euphoria . orange is young , full of daring , but very unsteady for the first go round . my yellow in this case is not so mellow , in fact i'm trying to say it's frightened like me . and all of these emotions of mine keep holding me from givinwordswordswords my life to a rainbow like you .
i had the honor to be biking alongside cycling advocates wordswordswords my own brother , norwell bautista being one of them , and manong meph . now i know why the older sibling loves pedalling around . i fell in love with biking too after riding along that trail . they always told me about their advocacy to keep building pollution-free communities and promote active lifestyles . iwordswordswordsm so blessed to know people who are living these advocacies . they are people who are living their passion . people who live tell-worthy stories .
i haven't let that stop me enjoying myself along the paths gately has illuminated though : i go to as many of these festivals as i can . the jack in the green festival in hastings on may bank holiday is a marvellous release of pagan lust and joy until about 4pm , when everyone goes back home and puts the kettle on . and i'll soon be writing about various wassails i went to in january - hundreds of people standing in a muddy farmyard at night in the middle of january , worshipping trees and getting riotously pissed , smack in the middle of the grimmest time of the year - it makes me tear up just thinking about what a wonderful expression of the human spirit this is .
a few months back little yellow bicycle had a call out for cycling team members . ..a monthly rotating team who gets to work with amazing product for a very generous and amazing company . i was honored to be chosen as a part of their head of the class cycling team .
in david we find the faith of a child . the kind of faith our lord jesus speaks of ,
i lazily meander back across the parking lot watching the riders on their playfully trotting horses . iwordswordswordsve really got a lot of things to get caught up on at the still-under-construction new and larger brewery , but i decide to watch the jockeys a little while longer . i know iwordswordswordsm the one goofing off , but leaning against the saddle of my iron steed and watching the hard working jockeys seems at the time to be a very productive way to waste much of my morning .
(book : underline the answer in the text.)
it was also great to see two of my friends work on the same page ! suzie of urban road and maree of little branch .
lee gak asks hwa yong if she knows the answer and her reply is that she may or may not know the answer . lee gak : wordswordswordsyou probably wouldnwordswordswordst know it . no , you donwordswordswordst know it.wordswordswords i hear you !
i am a servant of righteousness ! amen !
golden champion - (golden ale)
-about half of federal expenditures outside of defense and interest are devoted to people ages 65 and up . population aging alone- a result of the baby boomers generation- is expected to cause social security , medicare , and medicaid costs to rise by about 3.5% of the gdp by 2030 . (urban institute , can faster economic growth bailout our retirement programs ? )
and i feel perfectly healthy again . and mobile .
2 . love everybody else as much as you love yourself .
now we had a plan and a date to work to .
thought was so great turned out to be a one way hole into oblivion . i
lineage:ecm719/d8/tascam cdrw700/eac/flac
ps-my sweet friend seldon emailed me to let me know piperlime is having a 15% off sale that ends today- enter code xoxo . pretty sweet valentine's day treat ! !
you are eating rice cereal , oatmeal , peas , squash , and zucchini . you love the oatmeal best ! peas , squash , and zucchini , not so much .
trailing your wake of grains .
retirement security :
today is friday . there is cleaning to do and cooking to do and getting of the groceries to do .
10:00 wordswordswords revenge (abc) : a newly discovered photo of david gives emily new clues . meanwhile , grayson global undergoes an investigation by the sec ; and the press get hostile in anticipation of danielwordswordswordss expected release .
i had a lot to catch up on , because of a new admission to 63 . he showed up on the unit around 1800 , but was immediately whisked off to dialysis before i had a chance to do any assessment beyond " he's alive , a&ox3 , and doesn't look like he should be in the hospital . " he came back to the unit around 2130 . i did my admission sheet , got him dinner , and brought him his (late b/c of dialysis) meds in record time , done around 2230 . he was doing just fine all through it .
early church teachings also held that very few people of color could make it to the celestial kingdom , and of those few that did , they would be servants to the whites .
-wordswordswords i donwordswordswordst love puzzles ,they make me feel stupid.wordswordswords
3) fresh , non-pastuerized juice made at home can preserve more nutrients than you get from store-bought juices , making them a healthier choice (less sugars , preservatives , etc) .
now onto our challenge for this fortnight and the theme is
dear rick :
this dish is perfect for breakfast , brunch , lunch , as a dinner side dish or a late-night snack . the batch i made earlier this week made enough for cam and i to each get two filling breakfasts out of it . since we started eating paleo a few months ago , breakfast is definitely the meal that's been toughest for me . i was so used to eating cereal/milk or yogurt/granola or toast/peanut butter , so it's been a little hard to figure out what to eat in the mornings . i eat eggs often and although i really love them , after a while they start to get a little repetitive . this hash is the perfect cure for breakfast boredom ! i'm planning to make it this weekend for my parents for brunch , and i'll feel like it's going to become one of my go-to dishes .
but with good reason , i swear .
survive this week , manage to get a lot of my projects done at work , send tons of emails catching up on things , keep caught up on blogging , read more , edit more photos , and breathe !
what started off as another good weekend for mclaren , quickly ended in disaster . lewis hamilton put down a fantastic q3 , securing a front row start , less than a second behind sebastian vettel . ultimately , hamiltonwordswordswordss race was ruined in the pits . everything that could possibly go wrong , for mclaren in the pits , has happened over the last 3 races . in china , jenson buttonwordswordswordss hopes for a second victory were squashed , due to a faulty wheel gun . in bahrain , hamilton was held up by a wheel nut issue . the prediction , is that in a haste to get hamilton out quickly , the wheel hub became cross threaded , which affected his second pit stop and ultimately spoiled his race .
for the spirit god gave us does not make us timid , but gives us power , love and self-discipline . ii timothy 1:7
moments later , the long , silken hands lifted like graceful swans from the even-tempered opening measure of chopinwordswordswordss scherzo no . 2 in b-flat minor only to strike with a fury that caught her audience off guard and swept them into the stormy yet lyrical piece . it was president nolandwordswordswordss favorite and his special request for the evening .
xu x , cho si , sammel m , you l , cui s , huang y , ma g , padungtod c , pothier l , niu t , christiani d , smith t , ryan l , wang l . association of petrochemical exposure with spontaneous abortion . occup environ med 1998 ; 55 : 31-36 .
twining not
but there is also a word of amazing comfort in that same passage . for after quoting zechariah to his disciples , jesus went on to promise them , wordswordswordsbut after i am raised up , i will go before you to galilee.wordswordswords here , in the hour of his great anguish when all the weight of eternity will fall upon his shoulders , jesus is concerned about his disciples . and he tells them ahead of time that they will fall away , only to give them the further promise that he will nevertheless regather them to himself . jesus is going to the cross alone , but he is not going to pay this great price for nothing . he takes full responsibility to go after his scattered disciples and gather them back to himself , even when they fail .
up and down 1st saddle . kind of a test outing . i could feel the shin a bit hiking , but it definitely didn't make it worse . rather , like usual , a little activity seemed to actually make it feel a bit better .
bob hocko vcls a b
in fact , the media made a meal out of the granny porn fiasco , and kitchen was forced to resign in the resultant storm .
a southern gal with chic style and sensibility that has been translated to her new york firm , elaine creates warm , inviting and elegant interiors filled with personal touches that reflect the individual who lives in them . and with southern charm and whit , elaine is an open book on the thing she is most passionate about , designing beautiful spaces .
in the last few weeks there have been far too many days when i couldn't keep my eyes open . not because of tiredness but from some mysterious pain that no one could figure out . this meant hours spent sitting in my arm chair by the window not reading but with an ice pack on my face . during this time , i realized just how much i rely on sight .
or maybe you would choose to soak (wallow ? ) in this week's section from the farewell discourse in john's gospel . i swear , sometimes i find john soars to rhetorical heights , but sometimes i need a higher degree to figure out what the heck he is saying (mind you i say the same thing about the letters of paul) . just who is of which world in this passage ? and which world are we supposed to be part of ? or in ? not to mention that there is something voyeurish about this whole chapter seeing as we are (as it is written) listening in on a prayer . and so we the readers/listeners get talked about in the third person . ugh !
in the club or at a party
but unions operating at the sabc insist that they were told by the broadcasterwordswordswordss chief financial officer about the r700-million deficit .
a banner that flies across this land
i love rice pudding in any form . this persian one was flavoured with rosewater (of course!) and had crunchy almonds and pistachios through it . can be served hot or cold but i much preferred it hot ! this post also contains my " student's saffron " - i.e . for people too poor to afford saffron ! check out the recipe here .
3 maintain
what is especially chilling about forstchen's book is stopping to take stock of your own situation as you read it . would you be one of the lucky few survivors ? or would you be one of the unlucky many ? if you're on prescription medication keep in mind there'd suddenly be a finite supply of it at your local pharmacy . if you suffer from any health ailments at all you'd find yourself more vulnerable with those who are stronger in the unenviable position of " triaging " the population to make sure the limited resources-- food , water , and medication go to those who are most likely to not only survive but help others survive as well .
over time , a few of my american coworkers would pick up the tagline wordswordswordsmojoeywordswordswords whenever we were in the cafeteria . mojoey quickly replaced the less popular wordswordswordsgrow jowordswordswords and a new nickname was born . i let it die when i came home in 2000 , but picked it up again while at grad school . my initial blogging experiences while using my real name were bad . i got lots of hate mail and a few death threats , so i . switched to mojoey early on . it kind of fits too .
so that should tell you how our parentingwordswordswordss been latelywordswordswords
many vendors have posted portable power generator review on their official websites . it is an ultimate source for explaining the best features of portable generator . nature is the provider of all the beautiful elements like air , water , soil etc . which in turn results into man made resources like electricity , water reservoirs , wind mills etc . these days people are rapidly running towards evolution as large amount of crowd is in favor of non natural elements like harmful chemicals , polluted gases of vehicles , excess of noise , cigarettes , alcohol etc . as a result nature harms the human in different forms . electricity crisis is one of them .
are you jaded and bored , or easily entertained ? i get fun practically everywhere i turn .
these guys broke the mold .
do drop by this site every once in a while to check out items for sale wordswordswords which will include thrifted items such as men and womenwordswordswordss apparel , bags and accessories wordswordswords and promos .

the latest label crew project kit . it makes the cutest little button closure pouches .
the cake was brought out and the song sung badly . he blew out the candle , for it was his special night , but being the way he is , he thought of us too .
this natural custom of the blacks , the proffie in his infinite wisdom wants to call oppression and enslavement . what rubbish . the sign of a truly deficient leftist intellect .
i've always had a distaste for black-bordered cards for some reason .
i won't try to cover all the big-picture stuff about the legacy of steve jobs , because the entire commentariat is trying to do that right now .
if you like this genre there is someone i would like to recommend . her name is maria muldaur and the 2 cds that i would recommend are waitress in a doughnut shop and louisiana love song . there are not many like her . she's been around since the late 60's , and she has never gone commercial , that's why you may not have heard of her .
at 18 .
wordswordswordswhy not hire a band of hobbits with blow guns to shoot the bandits when you surprise them with all the fake corpses that suddenly spring to life ? wordswordswords asked lanna . hermel stared at her , trying to figure out if she was offering a serious suggestion , or making light of his planning skills . he couldnwordswordswordst decide , so he thought that idea over .
touch /etc/asterisk/gtalk.conf
i was completely stressed out for close to a week about what i would send for my bead soup . i had been focused on what i'd get and wondered about what i'd have a chance to create . . . .never once did it cross my mind to think about what i'd be sending ! lol (if it had i may not have signed up , i'm sure glad i did)
abraham had faith , mature faith and did not question this request . we read about this in hebrews 11:17,19 .
i think the main difference is the cooking time . .
as for the future , earthwordswordswordss fate in relationship to the sun is precarious . when it eventually enters its red giant phase (similar to adolescence in its trouble-making capacity) , the sun will have a maximum radius beyond earthwordswordswordss current orbit . this sounds bad but could be offset by the fact that the sun will have lost 30% of its mass due to stellar wind , and all the planets will have moved outward . wordswordswordsif it were only for this , earth would probably be spared,wordswordswords notes wikipedia hopefully . however , wordswordswordsnew research suggests that earth will be swallowed by the sun owing to tidal interactionswordswordswords and that , even if the earth could escape incineration in the sun , wordswordswordsstill all its water will be boiled away and most of its atmosphere would escape into space.wordswordswords
speaking of creating . . . nothing finished to share with you as i've been busy drafting some designs for quilts and some sewing patterns . i've managed to whip up a couple of prototypes too , but they are staying under wraps for now . those need some more tweaking , so more prototypes will be made . things are getting a bit messy in the sewing room as more fabrics are being pulled from the stash , including some scrappy bits in hopes that some of these newly drafted ideas will soon be made into something share-worthy . ;o)
societies act of 1799
dr evil : ha ha , always controversial , but unless iwordswordswordsm much mistaken , those ankles belong to the one and only miss fatmammycat , and wait , those thigh boots , yes , itwordswordswordss miss lindy k , and whowordswordswordss this escorting them ? why itwordswordswordss mr vaporiser himself and our very own binty mcshae . thatwordswordswordss him with the can of stella . guys , guys ! a quick word . mr vaporiser , binty , if i may , how do you see it going tonight ? what are your thoughts ?
put in juicer and should get at least 16+ fluid ounces - if not add more greens to juicer
1) given the professorwordswordswordss exit , i have given up fantasizing about him , even though he is the best lay i have had , he has the biggest dick i have seen , and the very thought of him inside me again makes my knees weak . (okwordswordswords writing this blog has made me re-fantacise) . but after the wordswordswordsofficial broken heartwordswordswords that i could see coming a mile away , even though i didnwordswordswordst want to really acknowledge my own intelligence on the matter , fantasies about him have essentially disappeared . essentially , within one day , my own material withered down to nil .
i veered off course
aussie star teresa palmer posed for photographers on the red carpet at the australian premiere of her movie , wish you were here , held at hoyts cinemas entertainment quarter on monday (march 19) in sydney , australia .
9 . tertiary education may not cost more than 10 times average wage . medical education being a necessity and to cutr down costs of healing will be free . there must be sufficient educational facilities for all persons .
wow , you guys amaze me with how observant you are ! yes , my book was blue before . my publisher just emailed me and said , " wow , we love the new site . just one little thing . ..we changed the cover of your book . " so , kelli went back to the drawing board and recoded stuff and voila ! now it's orange .
i haven't talked a lot about shakeology yet , so i'll be brief now about why it's so amazing and why you really owe it to yourself to give it a try . this shake is completely natural , no artificial foods , sweeteners , any of that junk in it because beachbody really does care about what goes into your body . it's made from 70 healthy ingredients , many of them being things that are really hard to get in our diet everyday , such as camu camu , gogi berry , acai berry , sacha inchi . ..these are all foods that are an incredible source of nutrition and antioxidants , but you're probably not going to be eating them and getting all those benefits if you're not drinking shakeology . all in all , shakeology provides your body with protein , essential amino acids , probiotics , digestive enzymes , antioxidants , phytonutrients , and 23 vitamins and minerals . that's a ton of nutrition packed into one little shake .
for those of you following along , today was day 5 of my mfa residency . i woke up still feeling slightly dizzy and sore but i took some dramamine and advil and those seemed to do the trick .
7 flames are burning 6:43
rescue pegs are also an excellent way to take a friend for a ride or transport your mechanic to and from the track .
hi cuties !
i look and look for the love that will make me whole , but death reminds me , the fire shows me , that there is no other option but to find it in myself . the wellspring of love is within me , and i will be comforted and healed by it there , or not at all . i am alone with love , or i am just alone .
the buffalos then sniffed the day-old carcass inquisitively and kept an eye on the lions , with one buffalo bull particularly annoyed at their presence and he chased them a couple of times , before the lions would half-heartedly chase them back . this little game went back and forth for some time , but the lions , being so well fed , were not intent on doing anything more than staying out of trouble , and made no effort to attack the herd ; but i wonder if they didnwordswordswordst have a kill how different their reaction would have been ?
kegged : 05-08-2009
yeah , so the list of negatives i gave earlier ? i donwordswordswordst actually think those are negatives at all . i just needed to write something up there that didnwordswordswordst sound like i was kissing the filmwordswordswordss ass all the way through . trust me , there will be plenty of negatives i can find as we go through this experience(just wait for jay and silent bob strike back and cop out) but this is not a film that i will quibble with . a man decided to be a filmmaker and went out and made a damn funny , if technically flawed , film . he then parlayed that film into a successful festival run that has been extended into a career that is currently just short of 20 years long . there is no criticism to be found here . kevin smith is the embodiment of the american dream .
the chapel is first mentioned in 1272 in an assize roll which records how five clerics helped a criminal escape from newcastle gaol - first to jesmond chapel and then to sanctuary at tynemouth . although the chapel was at one time in the possession of the priors of tynemouth , division of the manor between three sisters in 1333 led to confusion as to rights over the chapel and , at one time , three separate chantries were maintained by their descendents ; this confusion resulted in much scandal and damage , including stolen jewellery and chalices and in 1364 , edward iii took claim . in 1549 the mayor and burgesses of newcastle paid wordswords144.13.4d to edward vi to purchase the chapel and adjoining hospice and in turn sold them to sir robert brandling .
no one factor explains why some people only dream of migrating , while others go . many factors can influence the situation . potential migrantswordswordswords personal circumstances such as their finances , health , family situation , and their job status can keep them home or push them out the door . migration policies wordswordswords or lack thereof wordswordswords can also create so many roadblocks to leaving or entering a country that potential migrants become discouraged . yet gallupwordswordswordss surveys show millions are actively preparing to leave their homelands for good wordswordswords and it is often the best and brightest that their homelands would like to see stay .
cheap : we bought a 5000 sq ft house 6 years ago , and have only finished remodeling 3 of the 4 bathrooms (actually one was a half bath and we only changed the floor and the commode) .
first , our nola vamp advised blog land that dwell studio released fabrics for a favorite site of mine , http://www.fabrics.com/ . what a delight !
drowning , a calling to arms
2 . open the baggie like a book
as an adult , i've had two very personal encounters with the restless dead , though thankfully i've yet to see a ghost . one incident occurred when my husband and i rented a house that--after some very strange happenings--i found out had been the scene of a murder/suicide . (we moved.) the second incident occurred while i was staying in an historic brownstone in savannah (officially labeled the most haunted city in america) . both incidents were enough to convince me that just because we can see something , doesn't mean it's not there .
" watch and wait "
a stunningly beautiful and compelling story that captured my heart from the very beginning- while he was away will not only pull you into a wonderful love story ; it will give you an even greater appreciation for the ones that you love ! this is definitely a must-read for the summer :)
track listing for herbie lane - music to remember you by :
and pleasure dimmed by longing .
bright purples and orangeswordswordswords
anvil is so compelling as a subject that the form and directing of the doc is almost immaterial . respect though must be paid to the intimacy and trust that director sascha gerva has earned from his subjects . technical skills can be acquired , getting subjects to open their lives is an ability that is much harder to learn and use responsibly . a+++
as i write this i realise that lighting has always been my least favourite element of renovation and remodelling . . . it was the same story with our farmhouse in st rwordswordsmy . . . sourcing the most simple of wall and hanging lights was the slowest part of the project . it is about finding that delicate balance between contemporary and ' antique ' that proves such a dilemma . we want to personalise the space , give it some warmth and substance . . . make it hers . . . and for this reason our hearts were set on an old chandelier . the french make this transition between the old and the new so seamlessly . . . i have such respect for their design skills . . . it is not as easy as it looks . . . and of course budget . . . she makes for a mean partner . . . a first flat does not warrant illumination the likes of versailles . . . but it is her first home and it must be right . . . in my dreams i see her moving in with nothing but a high wattage bulb for company . . . do you find ' lighting ' a chore like me ? or are there other design aversions that have you running for cover ?
i howl my joy , and my red eyes seek to behold thy facewordswordswords
so that ended two good training weeks . after the 18-miler , i officially started taper . my long run for this week will be the whidbey half .
so , ah ha , this morning i have an email from aa concerning my query . no , not the one about possible compensation for my hotel bill for saturday created at manchester airport , which i by now assumed , but this ancient email sent over a month ago ! basically , unless the enhancers were surgically implanted (which i had told them they werent) , i shouldnt wear them on the flight when i made it , even though the tsa said it was fine to do so !
he did not sexually abuse young boys
10-15 mushrooms chopped
after spending the offseason working on his hitting approach (jackson got rid of his leg kick and shortened his stride to the ball) , the center fielder came through with an impressive start to the season . jackson went 3 for 5 and delivered the game-winning single down the third base line in the ninth inning to score pinch runner danny worth and lift the tigers to a 3-2 win over the boston red sox .
the longest of the adventures centers on the jade palace (pictured partially above) and has palace intrigue with five different powerful npcs that players can ally with , which is pretty interesting and nonlinear (especially since it is set in a ruined city full of undead and also has a stuffed tiger zombie) . as written , there are many railroad elements , but it has potential (and also seems heavily influenced by clark ashton smith's empire of the necromancers) . overall , i can't unreservedly recommend this box in general , but it has enough elements that appeal to my sensibilities to make it worthwhile to me .
mix together the mustard and honey and set aside . whisk all dressing ingredients together , then taste and season to your liking .
who loves cbs sunday morning ? whenever iwordswordswordsm home visiting my parents , we sit in the sunny living room , drinking coffee while watching this show . usually the stories are interesting and we cannot tear ourselves away . yesterdaywordswordswordss edition was all about the presidents and the white house , and it was fascinating . here is some of my new presidential knowledge , thanks to cbs .
the girl stopped counting and apologized for her cane . don't
so i dandered back home , back to my ' work station ' to map out my plan .
all the furniture was washed down too , and then polished off with beeswax .
unable to get internet access or charge their iphones and blackberrywordswordswordss , devastated citizens drove for up to 5 miles to find the nearest starbucks or barnes & noble , and then had to fight unruly crowds , as bored middle aged suburbanites jostled with one another for a seat near an outlet .
texture by kim klassen
i think that as more people get ebook readers and as their non-tech-savvy friends see them using them and get to play around with the devices for themselves , then more people will start getting ebook readers , especially people who are older . i think we will see this happening in the coming years .
deep end
tostadas : top flour or corn tortillas with beans and rice mixture . layer sauteed zucchini or other vegetable and top with cheese . broil until cheese melts .
a whole day in the sunshine
no sooner is he dead and gone , there's blessed pulpits-full ;
because no one is there . because in those still quiet moments before yawkey way is closed off for the game day traffic of food vendors and the throng of crimson-clad diehards and bandwagon jumpers (the dreaded pink hats , in the local lexicon , so dubbed for the womenwordswordswordss pink ballcap that the club started hocking around the time when johnny damon was still a hirsute matinee idol in those parts) , when custodial workers are spraying down the street , when the yawkey way souvenir store (surely one of the best located retail spots in the country) has yet to give its first ballpark tour of the day , the true magic and grandeur of the place is revealed . as the sunlight gradually illuminates the exterior corners of the old girl , the aged concrete crevices of yaz and teddy ballgamewordswordswordss day seem to perfectly blend with the reconstructed brick and green monster seats of the pedroia/pedro/nomaaah era . itwordswordswordss a fitting metaphor for the cocktail of nostalgia and modernism that is the red
i sold off some of my stuff in the flea market . not as much as i would have liked , but i have no room to complain . got rid of a few last bits of painted fantasy figures , as well as both painted and unpainted historicals . the most popular painted stuff -- by a long shot -- were the ancient spanish . i would have never thought that , but i suppose there are always romans , celts , and similarly popular figures for sale .
maybe they assumed that everyone would vote for retired majors or miss marple figures ?
like i said ; that was why the civil rights division of the justice department had this guy so dead to rights . until the obama administration wordswordswords due to political partisanship , leftist ideology , and racism of its own wordswordswords dismissed the case .
how mobile phone tracking works ?
dominique moved elijahwordswordswordss arm away from her shoulders and took a few steps towards me . it wasnwordswordswordst long till we were face to face .
as a two-time emmy award-nominated field correspondent for the national geographic channel , mireya mayor has reported to audiences worldwide on pertinent wildlife and habitat issues . closest to her heart is her ongoing study of a newfound species of microcebus , or mouse lemur , which she discovered on a 2000 field expedition in madagascar . her work with this rare primate inspired the prime minister of madagascar to establish a national park to help protect the new species , conserving the 10 percent that remains of the african island nationwordswordswordss once vast forest .
98 . it's softball season and that makes me happy ! !
try to identify the cyberbully . even if the bully is using a fake name or someone elsewordswordswordss identity , there may be a way to track your childwordswordswordss tormentor through your internet service provider . if the bullying is criminal , or if you suspect it may be , contact the police and ask them to do the tracking .
papier mache pieces , collage papers , ink , gloss , acrylics .
throughout the first year of the two-year course i struggled greatly . we were focusing on still life for the first six months or so and at easter had our year ten exam , a drawing exam . i managed to get 37.5% , an e grade , the lowest in my year . first time thatwordswordswordss happened to me , but iwordswordswordsm pretty proud of it . i mean , if youwordswordswordsre going to fail , at least do it properly . no coming second to bottom . thatwordswordswordss just not allowed .
what is shocking is that since 2006 , a total of around $50 million have been spent on the pap malay mps salaries . but what has the malay community got in return in the key issue of malay youths education ?
maddie did her part in helping at the show!! ! isn't she a good helper , licks toes while they look . quite the team we are ! and wh was busy the whole time helping me out , getting lunch and writing everything up . thanks goodness for the new electronic device square ! love you square !
all work and no play makes jack a dull boy ,
it's that time again this year . i received the invitation bulletin for the scrapbook at the bible camp . i have talked about it several times to my friend , that we need to go . not just to work on our books , but to " get away" . but now that i got the invite , i am having reservations . i do love to scrap but it's quite expensive . and i'm low scale compared to some of the ladies that we met last year . i would bet that they have have spent thousands ! !
more than he will ever knowwordswordswords
oh lord , yeah !
alim khan's ancestor , the debased martinet nasrallah bahadur khan , had regimented these loping vegetarians into a fearsome phalanx in return for their exercising droit de seigneur over the monobrowed maidens of soghd . frunze's commissars , however , persuaded them through the media of mime and crude surgery that socialism offered a chance to build a new world , one fit for all bipeds .
i see myself as a sadist
the man-friend and i have discussed joining the peace corps . it tends to be somewhat of a joke wordswordswords wordswordswordscanwordswordswordst find a job ? letwordswordswordss join the peace corps!wordswordswords wordswordswordsyou have to be married to join the peace corps together ? gee , mom will be thrilled!wordswordswords wordswordswords but there is often more than a hint of reality in those jokes . we are people who like to do things , to help people , and to make a difference . i was in americorps for two years working with students from all walks of life wordswordswords but mostly in poverty . he volunteers with unions and social movements and works for a non-profit .
please note that the time will also be changing to 8
you may have read on some of my earlier posts , i am a diagnosed , text-book case , hypervigilant person . it was caused from childhood trauma i had experienced , and was a symptom of ptsd .
despite what it could have been had more film been available , behind the rent strike is a beautiful and important film . although exactly 40 years ago , the words of the residents of tower hill estate strongly resonate today . they faced increasing rents for their poor housing conditions whilst their wages stagnated . the situation was intolerable . as one resident described , wordswordswordsthe law doesnwordswordswordst work for us , we have to take it into our own handswordswordswords .
your very effort fills you with activity .
2) reputation and social media measurement tools urgently need to evolve and become a lot smarter .
this is where most of my mornings begin . i usually end up here around 7:30am and for the most part beat the rush . itwordswordswordss funny how you start to see the same people each day , however no one talks because its just too early for words to be spoken .
i'm going to be a muddy maniac . . . .although not at the same time . first off , the maniac part . . . .
3 . candlemass ' under the oak ' (tales of creation version)
as dave , the gratitude guy , i will continue to educate everyone that the best way for us to value our present day happiness is to be grateful for what we already have .
married : 11/17/2001
matthew 5:44-45 but i say unto you , love your enemies , bless them that curse you , do good to them that hate you , and pray for them which despitefully use you , and persecute you ; that ye may be the children of your father which is in heaven : for he maketh his sun to rise on the evil and on the good , and sendeth rain on the just and on the unjust .
the temperature has fluctuated like a teenagerwordswordswordss hormones , but wewordswordswordsve been blessed with three or four truly gorgeous days , with cornsilk sunlight and balmy temperatures of 65 or so . on one such lovely morning (friday , actually) , i found myself outside and enjoying it , as i had been contracted to take headshots for yet another dept . of dramatic art undergrad in desperate need of a current photo for an upcoming audition . for those of you who donwordswordswordst know , a headshot (in thespian terms) is a photo of an actor from the shoulders up , used by directors as a casting tool after auditions wordswordswords to remember who was who , to put faces with names , to form plausible wordswordswordsfamilieswordswordswords of people who sort of resemble each other , etc . they tend to look something like this :
good marketing
as for knitting , iwordswordswordsve done 36 of the 40 rounds of the ribbing on the second zauberball sock . so i should get to the good bit today , without difficulty . and should be very close to finishing , if i donwordswordswordst actually do it , at loch fyne at the weekend .
but the seeds of bondswordswordswords downfall had already been sown .
hitachino nest beers aren't new to this country but they are new to me . i'm not even sure what to call these beers . the brewery named on the back is stated as ' kiuchi brewery ' so i'm not sure where the hitachino nest comes into it really . i think we'll start with the most obvious point first : the two beers i'm reviewing from kiuchi tonight are some of the finest looking beers i've ever seen - the branding is excellent and quite frankly , puts hundreds of other beers to shame .
-every morning you wait at the door to wave goodbye to the school bus that has none of your own children on it and wait at the same door that afternoon for that same school bus to come back so you can wave hi to all the kids as they get off
well lets compare the pictures above with the picture below , again tweeted by the man himself , that night ,
how to stop digging
letter a
our first real session kicks off in two weeks . i am very excited .
tip : use black soot or black india ink added a single drop at a time to intensify and darken colours . do not use with light colours such as pale pinks and yellows as the black will totally take over these colours .
one of the most embarrassing things about writing a blog about your own life is sometimes reading it back and realizing what an idiot you were . itwordswordswordss bad enough when i realize it in the moment like when i wrote the post i tenderly titled , idiot . i was angry at myself . i trusted a man when there were warning signs . when i wrote that post i felt like i was hanging in midair about to plummet to my death .
james garner (murphy's romance)
for less competitive routes , try to buy tickets at least 21 days in advance to get the best price . for high-traffic routes , consult bing.comwordswordswordss airfare predictor , which will advise whether you should snap up that ticket or wait .
from the flower add-on :
you see most people in the world donwordswordswordst smile anymore because the world is a poopy , poopy place and simply by smiling , you appear to have your stick and stones all sharpened and that makes you better than them . then you ask the target for advice on something that has absolutely nothing to do with sex and everything to do with social boundaries . wordswordswordsyou think mascots are too predatory in nature ? wordswordswords . congratulations , if she begins to speak to you , you are flirting . well done , svetlana . final summation , as long as you donwordswordswordst pull a sharp stick on someone and start stabbing them in the chest of jugular vein , youwordswordswordsre probably gonna end up flirting with them specially if you smile .
hopping 400m around hampstead heath athletics track on a saturday morning seemed like a pretty daft idea but this was a chance to a) meet michael palin and b) do something totally random iwordswordswordsll probably never do again so i was in , and so was kat . and after all it was only a 20 minute walk up the road .
before we can start building the balanced force particle model , we have to overcome some language problems . as was frequently said at the modeling workshop that i attended (and is repeated frequently in my classroom) , wordswordswordsphysics is a foreign language that sounds just like english.wordswordswords the word force is a prime offender , so we need to all get on the same level before we can start efficiently pushing around a hover disc .
i walk into the room and adjust the toco and viola ! contractions . slightly spaced out but not enough that i am concerned . i had to do this at least twice more during the course of the labor since apparently nurse crappy isn't capable of performing this task . i try so hard to be patient and nice to her , but dayum , she makes it hard !
where does this come from ? does it come from an upbringing that was so scarringly abusive that it simply cannot be outrun ? does it come modeling behavior that was seen or experienced ? does it come from laziness or an unwillingness to to seek new ways of dealing with being a parent ? or does it simply come from a hubris that parents always know better , always do better , are always right , and should always be obeyed ?
posto publico - organic italian on elgin street in soho .
the book is an illustrated gift book of romantic verse , in german ,
but , nonetheless , as in his factual findings regarding closed-door details of exchanges between cline and hudson , judge hobgood was willing to give cline (or in this case , her attorneys) the benefit of the doubt . he therefore did not dismiss out of hand the cline teamwordswordswordss arguments that her wordswordswordscausticwordswordswords statements should be viewed through the prism of her first amendment rights .
can- outside my door
anyway , express started off their pre-season in a brilliant move . snatching sure-fire contributors and veterans nelbert omolon (12ppg and 5 rpg) and the underrated mark isip (7 ppg and 3 rpg) by just losing daa and whomever the hell it was .
i could not have daughters of my own but i decided that i could still care for many of indiawordswordswordss neglected daughters . and so began my personal effort which continues to this day . i help girls from poor families whenever i can . i give them books , clothes and other things and encourage them to study and make their own mark in society . all 3 of my cookwordswordswordss daughters have completed their graduation , done courses in computers etc and now have good jobs . they save their money and donwordswordswordst abide by old customs like dowry .
i just found out about this website this last week as well . this lady shows you how to build (pretty easily i might add) furniture from fun places like pottery barn , west elm , etc . this is such a cool site ! i've already got my sight on a table and chairs set that will be mine !
took the lincoln for a quick spin and pulled into a parking lot to check the idle speed , i was approached by a guy who wanted to know all about the car . turns out he was a big ford fan . i spoke freely and didn't hide my knowledge of cars , did he read me , didn't seem to be any indication but then again canadians are known to be awfully polite . same thing happened two weeks ago with the buick , that time i was positive i passed but they guy didn't clearly know what to make of a woman so into cars .
the key is to blend , blend , blend wordswordswords there should be no obvious lines or patches of colour .
we found that there were plenty of photo opportunities here , even if some folk did try and hog(warts) the models for far too long , but we never felt rushed .
preheat oven to 190c
last week , the stop community food centre in toronto debuted a short video about its amazing after-school program at the green barn . view it here . the short (created by acclaimed canadian filmmakers jennifer baichwal and nick de pencier at mercury films) shows the program in actionwordswordswordswith kids from nearby schools cooking , prepping , gardening , eating and talking about food . it looks like a lot of fun .
where man has not been
disc : 1
mcgregor ja , mark s , crawford gp , et al . varicella zoster antibody testing in the care of pregnant women exposed to varicella . am j obstet gynecol 1987 ; 157 : 281-284 .
everyone has their " place " where they feel the most creative and do most of their writing . these workshops may not appeal to everyone , but when i saw her website , i knew that attending one is something i will strive for .
our childcare dilemma while we are over getting the boys now that john is going with me- has been solved . my amazing mom is going to stay with the kids !
what a stink'in good deal , right ?
we finished out the night at mainstreet after hours in downtown lakeville ; a coffee shop/wine bar that i've wanted check out . we've been there a few times for coffees but never for a glass of wine . we took some seats next to a table by the gas fireplace and settled in . it was a little discouraging to see such a small crowd on a friday night but the woman behind the bar assured us that they're usually quite busy but that this has been an off week . that's good to know . we really liked it and intend to go back there regularly . there's an atmosphere within that can't be found at some of the more generic stamped-out-franchise places that we typically frequent . plus , i always enjoy supporting a local business !
typical garb for males is a tunic or large shirt that hangs to the knees , belted at the waist , with a pair of wool trousers below . footwear consist of moccasins or " socks " of fabric wound around the feet . women wear dresses , falling to the ankles , instead of a tunic and do not wear trousers , though adventuring females are likely to opt for male clothing as a matter of practicality . women have significantly fewer rights than men do in teutonic society .
i felt a great sense of accomplishment , making all those times i forced myself to make a gym appearance worth it . i won't lie . some days i didn't want to go . and some days i didn't (even though i felt super guilty) . but the aches , hours of cardio and pushing myself to the limit culminated in crossing the finish line at the dirty 6 mud run .
i have fallen behind . shamefully behind . i kid you not , i have stared at the blank page for longer than i care to admit , going cross-eyed wondering where to begin . i close my eyes , take a deep breath and am swept back through the last few months . i land here , right in the middle of the grand canyon .
because when asked what she wanted painted on her face ,
martha galvez
program cost on game-day in 1965 = 15wordswords
22 . he goes to same school with sehun , sulli f (x) , suzy miss a , and several other artists .
sal khan , an mit and harvard graduate , is attempting to change the way we educate our youth . khan created a free online program originally to help one of his cousins that was struggling to learn algebra . what started as something for a small audience took off and now khan academy has grown to over 4 millions users a month . his goal is to help teach a variety of subjects in a different way to make it easier for those who are struggling to learn and also to wordswordswordsto provide a free , world-class education for anyone , anywhere.wordswordswords in just 8 years , khan has uploaded over 3,000 lessons including math , science and history . helping him reach his goal and create this academy have been bill gates and google who have funded over $15 million to help promote this new kind of education . this new form of online education is now being tested in schools across the country .
again , subject to the exact questions asked , can it be shown he had contacted , or even knew of mulcaire ? the mysteriously re-appearing emails (more of which later) might assist regarding that point . mr mulcaire would of course be a compellable witness in any perjury proceedings . whilst he failed to appear at the sheridan trial , as a result of medically certificated ill health , one can imagine he would definitely be asked to attend such proceedings as we are contemplating here .
now a little about me , i am blissfully married to my wonderful , supportive wordswordswordssoul matewordswordswords baden . our treasured family all feature throughout my work . there is nothing more important to
the conference board consumer confidence index fell to a 7 month low as the weak housing market , slow job recovery and the high prices of gas took their toll . iwordswordswordsm sure the european sovereign debt crisis which has brought the greece riots to the front pages of newspapers and tv news hasnwordswordswordst helped either .
john zuccotti , co-chair of brookfield properties , is also on the board of another brookfield asset managementwordswordswordss subsidiary , wellpoint health networks . in 2009 , one of wellpointwordswordswordss honchos testified before congress that his company routinely and wrongfully denied claims to its health insurance policyholders .
5 . deschutes (no movement)
those cute little beautifully-iced sugar cookies from our local bakery ? - a possibility . but at $3 per cookie , i just couldn't bring myself to do it . especially when i knew that several of my first grade friends would take just one bite and toss the rest in the trash .
the planet is located in the habitable zone of its host star , which is a narrow circumstellar region where temperatures are neither too hot nor too cold for liquid water to exist on the planet's surface .
*she also keeps you distracted in all kinds of inventive ways while the actual tattooing is going on , including a soft shoe routine that i canwordswordswordst possibly describe .
letwordswordswordss dissect the paragraph .
charlie rich the most beautiful girl us
got to explore a new city this last trip , have to say , was interesting but sao paulo definitely not for me !
the object of the act is to protect people who are faced with eviction or who want to strengthen the newly-defined wordswordswordsrightswordswordswords of occupiers of property . in a nutshell , this act gives persons occupying rural or peri-urban land , with the consent of the owner or person in charge , a right of residence that can only be terminated in accordance with the provisions of the act . the act further regulates the day to day relationship between owners , persons in charge and persons who occupy the ownerwordswordswordss land . the act is enforceable through the magistrateswordswordswords courts , the land claims court and , in certain instances , the provincial high courts . occupiers may therefore obtain security of tenure on someone elsewordswordswordss land at the expense of the owner and/or at cost to the taxpayer .
whenever i see someone in trouble , i help them if i am able to . we must all do that on a regular basis . this country needs to help one another and bring back caring for each other .
i finally got a six pack of shiner's 97th anniversary beer (see post below about how spoetzl is releasing a new beer every year leading up to their 100th) . i'm a bit disappointed to say that my anticipation exceeds the beer itself . that's not to say it's bad wordswordswords it's actually a decent rendering of the black lager style . if you've never tried it wordswordswords it's a pretty rare style wordswordswords it is jet black , but doesn't have the heaviness of a stout or porter . shiner has taken a nice shot at it , but it doesn't quite stack up to new belgium's 1554 , my first experience with black . it's missing a little something wordswordswords there's a thinness to the taste , whereas 1554 has a warmth , a roundness to it that 97 lacks . the roasty taste is slightly stronger in the 1554 wordswordswords or , for that matter xingu or north by northwest's okanogan , other great examples . it's a creditable enough attempt wordswordswords i'd give it a b wordswordswords but i don't think i'll be developing the addiction that had last year to 96 , the wonderful marzen-style oktoberfest beer from last fall .
i knew i would need a tray to put some accessories
revolutionary narrative : toward a poetics of power
and , when it was over , we hugged and i told her what a blessing she has been to me through the years and wished her luck and much happiness in her new adventure . she promised to keep in touch and let me know where she settles to work in austin . . . . . .
bald heads forgetful of their sins ,
stop press . . . updated . our freecycler received a " dyson vacumn " in response to her plea .
*relieve headaches & migraines
i also found these simple directions from better homes & gardens . bhg includes the cute decorative accent stitching . almost makes me want to sew . hmm , we'll see .
halloween is still a ways off . but for the last couple months i've been eating , sleeping and breathing halloween ! don't get me wrong , i love it ! it just kind of throws me off from the " real world " calendar . heck , we haven't even had the fourth of july yet and i'm surrounded by all things dark and spooky .
ok , i recently got asked about my experience with pcos (polycystic ovarian syndrome) . i have written things here and there about it , but i don't think that i've ever really written about the whole experience or whatever . i have met a few other bloggers who , bless them , have the same condition .
we also stumbled across another crazy fool .
build the capacity and potential of the monteverde conservation

don't act right when you know you're dead wrong
***neonknight's notes***
i will end up in literature hell because i murdered a real book for it (it got it at the library flee market , it still broke my heart . ..) .
twitterwordswordswordss basic etiquette is generally follow-me and i-might-follow-you , so you must be following people who have some interest in your product , and they might just return the favor . so really the trick is to *find* local followers , and follow them . (iwordswordswordsd like to point out that many blogs would just bs around that concept without any further information , but this onewordswordswordss going to give you something meaty to chew on.)
so for a while , it is life as usual , and you find yourself cleaning house and singing happy tunes . you have now become as careless as sweet snow white snug in the woodland cottage of the seven dwarves , thoughts of the evil editor , oh i mean wicked queen are long gone , a distant memory . in fact , a tiny blue bird perches on your window sill to sing along with your happy songwordswordswords
of the slow autumn at my window ,
i dunno wordswordswords weird things i think about while dancing with soap under falling water .
the serpa holster is just like that . . . a mechanical device that can fail in any number of ways , just like the pistol it's made to carry . there is a chance either unit can fail in normal or weird ways , and it's almost assured each will at some point . just as with ball bearings , we accept the risk in exchange for the benefit of using them .
8pm , thursday 5 july 2012
this is the recipe that i had tried from show me the curry.com . .its totally awesome and lovely recipe , and the filling is so nice that you can use it even as a sandwich filling , but i do strongly recommend you to try this and serve with love to ur family , my hubby . .totally loved it . ..i only change what i did was i added 1/4 cup grated carrot , u can omit this if u want and just stick to the original recipe :)
6 . what time of year is it ? how can you tell ?
ohad hatzofe , bird ecologist for the nature and parks authority , said that the vulture story has been making the rounds in arabic internet sites , including al-jazeera forums and arabic military forums . " the subject is receiving great publicity and it is important that saudi authorities understand that it is not true . there is also an international treaty of nature protection professionals , that forbids doing things like this, " he added .
every mercury retrograde is different . and there are generally three mercury retrogrades each year . this particular mercury retrograde hits you where you work ! it makes your job , and your day to day tasks , frustrating because of errors , delays , lost paperwork , confused communications , computer difficulties , canceled appointments , and just a nightmare of glitches that makes your life tough ! some of these might even impact your health . possibly , old health issues will resurface . ("my rash is back!") difficulties with partners and close friends could aggravate your frustration . fortunately , parties , vacations , romance , sports , and fun stuff are blessed ! you win some -- you lose some . (you'll be fine.)
one set of parents tried to scrape out some kind of living with petty crime , like bookmaking and running card games .
(stacia proefrock , allmusic.com)
chance on guard
anyway , i shared my problem with my friend , who just happens to have the longest lashes i have ever seen , apart from my daughterwordswordswordss which are long too . she was sympathetic once shewordswordswordsd stopped laughing and realised that i was serious . shewordswordswordsd said that she hadnwordswordswordst noticed before but on closer inspection , all was evident . she gave me some advice on what the possibilities were and again , wordswordswordsfalse oneswordswordswords were mentioned .
wordswordswordsby restricting access to grazing land , for example , land and related feed resources become relatively scarce , so technical change will move towards making more efficient use of these resourceswordswordswordsthe same applies to all other natural resources that feed into the livestock production process , such as water or nutrients . likewise , new costs associated withwordswordswords livestock production , such as emissions of ammonia or other forms of waste , will lead to increased efforts towards their avoidance.wordswordswords
the whippet followed ziggy's gaze .
from action comics #306 - november 1963
burton continued with an explosive charge he apparently considered quite believable , the hunt is on for the sleezy russian money into o-mans coffers . a smoking gun has already been found . will get more on this when the time is right . my source was too giddy to continue . can you say clinton and chicom funny money ? this also becomes a matter of how and when to out .
4 . a garden wagon , one that hold lots of plants for ining and outing
the ideal length of this dress should be a few inches below the knee .
as a former lieutenant , junior grade , in the u.s . navy and a lifetime member of the association of the united states navy , i can confirm that military training forces those coming from different backgrounds to find common ground . just as it was during the war of 1812 , working together is essential to survival .
but i can almost hear a sharp intake of breath from the sisters , not to mention my daughters . how could you enjoy a play about the subjugation through deprivation and humiliation of a strong-minded woman ?
i should also mention lion king 3d . i don't think that the 3d added anything to this movie however , being able to see a film that had such an impact on my childhood , in the cinema environment , with my friends was an experience i'll never forget . it is a truly magnificent film and i still cried when mufasa died even though i dare not count the number of times that i that i've seen this movie .
it was intended as a wedding gift for gobodkin's niece helma samothracia upon her betrothal to tros pyratkin , admiral of king caswallon's fleet . upon helma's accidental death during an archery competition prior to the wedding ceremony , gobodkin took to wearing the ring himself and ceased bathing altogether , many say because his grief was so great .
airflow around the front tyre is critical with the post-2009 wide front wings . the ever more complex front wing endplates direct the airflow around the tyre . this effect varies greatly with front wing ride height , so that when the wing flexes down under load at speed , the airflow changes . i have learnt from f1 aerodynamicists that the effect of the endplate on flow around the wheel as the wing flexes down , is perhaps more important than downforce gained the wing being closer to the ground . so the red bull and also ferrari tests are critical to understand how the airflow passes around the tyres with varying wing ride height .
c) gender , part 2 : i'm curious if my treatment on the internet will change what i appear male to the casual viewer . i've heard a lot of stories about women being engaged in discussion when they posted as " x " but treated with condescension or cynicism when they posted as " ladyx, " and i'm curious if i'll have experiences mirroring that .
iwordswordswordsm also the kind of nerd who is always thinking about blogging and how things outside the blogging universe may actually relate to this new frontier that is blogging .
the calvert independent , date unknown , but around 1976 . prouty , john a . letter to cchs , 26 sep 2010 .
the metropolitan opera fills up every night as the
in a regular pos shoot , all the missiles focus in like a cone , with the small end being the target . this time , with just crap to clear , a lot of people wanted to make sure they got counted for each module , so ungrouped their weapons and targeted them all at different modules , leading to some crazy looking patterns of fire .
the door of the white car opened and amber looked at it . it was the audi . a man stepped out and she moved back . damn interfering venator .
in fact , heritage keepers contains little or no information about puberty , anatomy , sexually transmitted diseases , or sexual behavior . instead , most of its lessons are devoted to promoting the importance of heterosexual marriage and the value of abstinence before marriage . students are asked to take virginity pledges and class time is devoted to having students envision and plan their wedding days . heritage keepers also teaches students that :
but your deep exhalations
the full transcript of sentencing remarks is here :
how the hell am i supposed to go out and meet people if my parents keep freaking out like this ?
i'd like to think that we met through fate . yes , fate , that indescribable relevance of all events resulting to something of great significance . some think it's coincidence , but my mind chooses to differ .
2) to what extent can public sector action generate sustainable and high-quality employment ?
on 14th november last , bishop rifan ordained two new deacons , the reverend deacon renan menezes and the reverend deacon bruce jwordswordsdice , for the apostolic administration .
not quite wordswordswordspc gorn madewordswordswords is it !
i shared this recipe at :
8 . give cantaloupe a try . using simply 95 calories , fifty percent of the melon will supply more than each daywordswordswordss supply of vitamin c and beta carotene .
when the history books are written about goldman sachs , they may reflect that the current chief executive officer , lloyd c . blankfein , and the president , gary d . cohn , lost hold of the firmwordswordswordss culture on their watch . i truly believe that this decline in the firmwordswordswordss moral fiber represents the single most serious threat to its long-run survival .
paris is about 110 miles northeast of dallas . the rev . peter johnson , a state civil rights leader , said the problems reported at the turner plant reflect a " culture of discrimination " that lingers in east texas .
take a long , hard lookwordswordswordsif you dare . it wonwordswordswordst be easy . the disturbing photo below reveals a hardcore , badass gang of vbbs . the average person isnwordswordswordst used to seeing beer-guzzling , cigar-chomping , tribal-tattoo-bearing babies wielding knives and guns , gurgling obscenities and giving grownups the finger as they toddle around in their stinky , poopie diapers--or worse yet , no diapers at all .
in a large saucepan coated with cooking spray , cook the onion , carrots and celery in butter for 3-5 minutes on medium heat . add broccoli ; cook 3-5 minutes longer . stir in 2-3/4 cups milk , salt , thyme , rosemary and pepper .
baby you know i need to leave
itwordswordswordss the same rationalization you see with these lowlife government agents who molest children at airports ; they look in the mirror each morning and convince themselves that theywordswordswordsre keeping the country safe from criminal terrorists . their mission is noblewordswordswords and that justifies the means .
5.dry fruits -raisins,prunes,dates
you should also know that hubs is actually a pretty good gift giver when he wants to be . last year he surprised me with a trip to tiffany to pick out something fun . last year was the big 10 year anniversary though . ..apparently the 11th year is only shoe worthy .
i smiled to myself and we rode in silence for a second .
wordswordswordsi sing praises to those whose hearts accept the universal order , which only appears to be chaotic and ever-changing . in actuality , everything is designed down to the smallest detail , to be in perfect operation . the dance of the universe is a happy one , with energy swirling and twirling in a never-ending celebration to life itself . join this dance , dear one , and enjoy the remarkable journey of the weaving of the story of your life . do not fear what appears to be a change or a loss . itwordswordswordss only the transitioning orbit of energy interplaying with you and your loved ones . embrace it as evidence that youwordswordswordsre alive ! embrace your deepest emotions as a signal of your true human essence!wordswordswords
as our district moves forward with our sbg implementation plan , we are meeting with all of the other chemistry teachers tomorrow to finish developing our standards for next year . iwordswordswordsm hoping that this collaboration will give me a better sense of the wordswordswordsbig ideawordswordswords-wordswordswordslearning targetwordswordswords connection and make it a much easier transition to full sbg next year , and i will have a later post that details what we come up with .
instead , i choose to look up in wonderment at the stars .
forcing us to open our eyes ,
love thatwordswordswordss not honest is not love at all .
marge's rally record is flawless . she has never nq'd and has consistently scored above 200 (out of a possible 210) . all we needed was two 195+ runs and we'd earn our next championship title .
" the ghost woman "
now that i've drawn the distinction between natural and ' circumstantial ' rivalries , let's apply this notion to conference realignment . more specifically , let's consider a few different scenarios for the sec moving forward as a mega-conference . sec elitists , like my wife , don't want to see any schools added to the juggernaut . this " no one else is good enough " stance is noble although unfeasible . besides , you don't have to look beyond vandy , kentucky and ole miss to realize that not every school in the conference has a perennial top 25 football program . i , on the other hand , am taking this expansion talk in stride . i'm aware of the power that comes with adding major tv markets , perennial powers and new traditions .
theme : randomly picked soup (vegetarian)
with a smile they waved us into a field full of cars .
abenobashi maho shotengai (japanese)
i go for a run in the afternoon . i run twice a week . that's enough for this sore body .
such discussions over school lunches and healthy eating echo a larger national debate about the role government should play in individual food choices .
6-7 lbs peaches
i remember being in 1st grade and going to the roller rink on a field trip . i didnwordswordswordst know how to skate , and i hugged the edge the entire time while watching classmates skate around and have fun . i was determined to learn how to skate . i went home and asked my parents for skates , which they got me . my dad taught me how to balance and soon enough i was practicing in our long driveway , falling but never stopping . then i wordswordswordsgraduatedwordswordswords to the sidewalk , and got so good that i could skate backwards . when my class went back to the rink in may , i was out there having a great time . i remember how proud i was of myself . itwordswordswordss my first memory of feeling that kind of accomplishment , and since then iwordswordswordsve gone after every single goal with the same determination .
6 . dream sequence revenge feat . fashawn and exile prod by godlee barnes aka blu
just as much as it is about the family though , it is also the story of a country that is fading away . when charlotte and wilhelm return from mexico to berlin in 1952 to take up their responsibility of building up the new country , the dream of a uniquely german socialist state is still a heady one , an intoxicating vision of an ideal future . as the years progress though , we see the reality of east-german communism , the plastic cars , the crumbling buildings , the power shortages . . . while stalwarts like wilhelm continue to believe in the system , others feel that the country has lost its way , some (like alexander) hoping to leave it behind for good . in zeiten des abnehmenden lichts is definitely not an adherent of the ostalgie trend of pining for the good old days of the gdr .
born wicked (the cahill witch chronicles : book 1)
there was one occupational hazard . when kaminsky , who is five foot-nine , became the underground gourmet , he weighed 172 pounds and wore trousers with 34-inch waistbands . after a few years on the job , he had crossed the 200-pound line and struggled to wiggle into xl t-shirts and 38-inch pants . the wake-up call came when his life insurance renewal was denied . wordswordswordsthe choice was clear,wordswordswords he writes . wordswordswordsmend my munching or fast-forward to judgment day.wordswordswords
there was a pause as everyone thought that over .
i thought mine was way too bold and bright , since i tend to like my background to be just that - a background . i want my focal image(s) to stand out . so i watered down some gesso and brushed a wash over the whole thing . i like it this way much better , although it's still kinda busy .
a while ago i shot a job for local alstonville tourist attraction , amaze wordswordswordsnwordswordswords place . itwordswordswordss the worlds only living lattice maze , a great place to take the kids or go for lunch or a coffee .
here in the desert , the arrival of march means the first crack of the bat and the smell of sunscreen wordswordswords in other words , spring training . over the weekend , i enjoyed one of the best ways to watch baseball , lawn seating in the sun at a cactus league game . from the outfield , we couldnwordswordswordst see everything at the plate , but it didnwordswordswordst matter . the game didnwordswordswordst even matter ; it ended in a tie after 10 innings .
before passing any legislation , the government intends to consult with industry , and final legislative proposals are unlikely to emerge until the 2011 finance bill . the program is scheduled to be put in effect after april 2013 .
four for four .
as far as pulling out bushes goes , patrick and i yanked (with the tractor and chains) and dug (with shovels) out all the bushes except for the gardenias , the palm trees , 2 other kinds of trees that i have no idea what they are , and , of course , we didn't touch the stupid , huge clumps of decorative grass . haha
*took her first gymnastic class (and loved loved loved it!)
a broad debate is taking place as political views evolve and regulatory postures soften towards the use of schedule i drugs . schedule i drugs are classified as having a high potential for abuse , present an unacceptable safety risk , and have no acceptable medical use . drugs in this category typically include marijuana and psychedelics .
i am happy to say that bob had nothing to do with all of this but continued
oversized green wind-breaker wordswordswords for some reason i wore my motherwordswordswordss spring coat for almost an entire year , zipping it all the way up to my chin and almost drowning in the mounds of extra material .
as soon as israelwordswordswordss war against hezbollah in lebanon began on july 12 , it was clear that the conflict was going to be imprinted on the internet like no other . citizens under bombardment on both sides posted photographs and wrote of their experiences . we described the phenomenon at the time and found ourselves addicted to kishkushim . . .
there ! no more blank page .
while they were still speaking about this , he stood in their midst and said to them , wordswordswordspeace be with you.wordswordswords
the amount of free acid in british beer appears to be uniformly larger than in the viennese or bavarian beer , and sometimes it is very much larger . this free acid is represented in the tables as acetic acid ; but there is reason to believe that only a part of it is acetic acid , and that beer probably contains lactic acid and some substance analogous to glucic acid , which , according to graham , hofmann , and redwood , appears to be produced in the fermentation of beer-worts , as practised in this country .
through the ages , the bronze horn falls out of favor , but the dord continues to echo , and eventually makes its way into the ear of a dictionary editor in 1934 . finding the note as lovely as the ghost who blew it out of the bronze horn centuries ago , the editor has no choice but to include it in the dictionary . several decades later , mithra sees wordswordswordsdordwordswordswords in the dictionary (mithra does , indeed , read every book which comes into print , but does not read them at the speed of light.) and finally reincarnates davy as a tv star and musician (again , as a newborn baby first.) davy at last experiences the wonders of technology he future-glimpsed long ago , and the teen idol fame he sought since before bronze age . then he dies , this time from a heart attack . but the dord echoes on .
rewarded for winning the beer fight 25 times on expert level = the title wordswordswordsbattered , bruised and contusedwordswordswords .
locomotive pictures i bought from a friend some years ago .
this lack of regard to the convention , coupled with the potentially retrogressive impact of these reforms , risks placing the uk in breach of its international obligations . this report is so timely . it sets out the risks to progress on independent living and makes sensible , achievable recommendations .
2 . overheated property market
i have set up a new page today called march momentum - yes that really is the best i could come up with . today i have only had one slice of bread as a sandwich and i will be reverting to wholemeal pitta for my lunch in future . right i'm off to work out to the biggest loser and begin the march momentum .
i will forever cherish the smile on sarah's face as she walked into the kitchen friday night after being picked up in town by dad .
12 . personal midget/cain's ballroom
these words are on my heart for today and i want you to take heart that you are special indeed !
" please, " i said , hurried now , sensing a window closing . " can you tell me anything about him ? "
-year in film : 1900
in march 2012 high school students added their voice to the rising tide of protest from the education sector . it is not only students who have taken action . a series of protests and a strike by teachers resulted in the government deducting one monthwordswordswordss salary from all who took part . as the teacherwordswordswordss union is legally registered , strikes are permissible , and the loss of pay has prompted protests and a call for further action .
wordswordswordsi accept your terms,wordswordswords she said , rashly .
last weekend friends visited from williams , oregon , a very small town in the rogue valley (a most romantic name for a locale) . living in the country they see little of civilization , thus the opportunity to shop at the garage sale going on across the street was of immense excitement . filling two cars full with garage sale wares , they made their way home . i picked up a stash of 1980s movies and spent the day painting moleskines whilst conducting my own personal christian slater marathon .
i am going to throw in one more photo of the turkey , just because i can , and i like it .
a few weeks ago my closest coworker defended his dissertation . proud of him and happy for him , i called on the way in to work to double check what his favorite donut was before i stopped and got treats for everyone at the donut shop .
adapted from the hairy bikers recipe
1 . preheat the oven to 200wordswordsc (400wordswordsf)
2 - wonderwall
but there was an even more unsettling change at the grocery store . many basic foods , the stuff that had successfully sustained life for eons , was being altered through the genetic modification of their dna into something never seen in nature . the vast majority of soy , sugar beets , canola , and corn crops are today genetically engineered . they are processed into those unpronounceable food additives , and can be found in virtually every kitchen in america .
general comment : these sushi and rolls were all quite nice , not your typical wordswordswordsall-you-can-eatwordswordswords stuff . some years ago , one restaurant used a machine to form the sushi rice , that was horrible . fortunately , they arenwordswordswordst in business anymore . and some all-you-can eat places put way too much rice on the sushi , as if to try to stuff you full first . now the following are my ratings for the nigiri sushi and rolls .
i am to have received these gifts from you , lee . it is my dream
these findings , and others highlighted in the new report , wordswordswordsgallup world poll : the many faces of global migration,wordswordswords are based on a rolling average of interviews with 401,490 adults in 146 countries between 2008 and 2010 . the 146 countries represent more than 93% of the worldwordswordswordss adult population .
in this case , theywordswordswordsve defined reform as including : high-stakes standardized testing , wordswordswordsaccountabilitywordswordswords (including the elimination of low-scoring teachers and schools and merit pay) , school choice , charter schools/deregulation , and mayoral control . these policy levers are supposed to lead to college attendance and the end of poverty . all other efforts , and any critics (especially teacherswordswordswords unions) are defined as anti-reform .
found out last minute yesterday morning that our baseball games were cancelled because of crummy field conditions (due to the crazy rain!) so all of the sudden we had a whole day with no plans! ! yipee!! ! what does one do with one's self when you have a whole day and no plans ? this is what i did! ! !
sb : the name airavata comes from the word wordswordswordsiravatwordswordswords which means wordswordswordsone produced from water.wordswordswords as a child i used to remember the elephantwordswordswordss name by thinking of the component parts wordswordswordsairwordswordswords and wordswordswordswaterwordswordswords ( the wordswordswordsvwordswordswords is pronounced with a soft almost wordswordswordswwordswordswords sound) . as you will seewordswordswords the two elements of air and water are central to this elephantwordswordswordss story .
what is skm ?
everyone had a great time and it was lots of fun to plan and create for the shower . but now i'm ready to move on to the next step - baby grandson #2 , due the end of june !
i'm actually starting to wonder if he may be a little crazy . i'm hoping so , because then we'll get along just fine .
skin : mynerva wordswordswords milena
-traditional japanese dancing at the end !
at last , your treasure is our own .
edmondson : itwordswordswordss our stock and trade .
" you need to look for integrity, " i continued .
ice hockey has been traditionally perceived as a dangerous sport that has never been taken seriously by the british press and is surpassed by curling when it comes to priority rink time . even in hockeywordswordswordss golden era in the 1980s with tony hand at the murrayfield racers , hockey was never seen as a mainstream sport . however , with four scottish teams now competing in the national elite league and attendances at an all-time high , ice hockey is now riding on the crest of a wave .
sprinkling ash around her feet
but i knew where the car was . i ran all the way back to the car , even though it was ellen's car . but i couldn't open the door , and no one was there . i was sad and scared . i sat down beside the car and barked . i barked and barked and barked until my voice was squeaky .
past generations of fatherly indifference and stale research studies (moms make the majority of household buying decisions , dads don't help as much around the house) plus endless reruns of married with children and everybody loves raymond have given dads a bad rep . in addition , on top of proving we matter as parents , we also need to prove that we're still men .
victor is known for his remarkable interpretations of runway couture . as one of the worldwordswordswordss most iconic fashion designers , he has won acclaim for the exquisite detailing and feminine silhouettes he creates .
shoes : christian louboutin
in other words , how can anyone really be pro-life if they donwordswordswordst also extend that argument to plants . and if they donwordswordswordst extend that pro-life argument to plants , then how can they really be pro-life ? and if they donwordswordswordst extend that pro-life argument to plants , then they are hypocrites . and if they are hypocrites , then it gives justification for continuing to ridicule them and ignore them all the while unborn children are being killed in and out of the womb and the nyt is publishing absurd opinion pieces from radical , die-hard liberals disguised as satire . the nyt , not one liberal , thinks of an unborn child as a human being , so why would any of them ever think wordswordswordsa being capable of processing , remembering and sharing information wordswordswords a being with potentialities proper to it and inhabiting a world of its ownwordswordswords would wordswordswordsconjurewordswordswords a fetus ? but of course they would wordswordswordsconjure up a plantwordswordswords , in a futile attempt to be absurd and to show how wordswordswordsabsurdwordswordswords the pro-life movement is , and is being , trying to protect unborn children , even though they neither believe a plant feels and reacts to its environment in the same way , or is remotely similar to , a fetus in any sense of the definition any more than they want to believe a fetus feels anything in its enclosed water-filled environment during its nine months of development and growth . because if a fetus can feel , then it can certainly feel pain as it is being ripped in , and to , pieces by an abortionist . and if a fetus can feel , and feel pain , how can it do that if it is not conscious ? and if a fetus is conscious is it not alive ? the nyt has , suspiciously , not yet demanded the passage of legislation that grants wordswordswordsplanthoodwordswordswords status to peas and other fruits and vegetables , whatever life-bearing seeds , they think ought to be protected from being slaughtered in or out of its root , vine , stalk , etc . perhaps not everyone at the very liberal nyt is yet convinced that peas ought to be granted wordswordswordsplanthoodwordswordswords status . if they need more proof to show how wordswordswordshuman-likewordswordswords peas are , perhaps they ought to employ sonograms on pea plants . but if they do , would they know not to wordswordswordsrapewordswordswords the plant using the wordswordswordstrans-carpelwordswordswords type of ultrasound ?
free matisyahu in-store performance and meet&greet at ear-x-tacy records prior to show starts at 6pm .
i'm hoping by monday i'll be feeling all better . i hate being sick! ! i guess i can't complain too much , it's been a year since i was last sick . tomorrow night i'm hosting our dinner club night . i can't wait! ! it's soo much fun ! i'll tell you all about it next week . promise . =) oh , and you might have noticed there's a new sponsor there on my sidebar , rockin bowstars .
" it's even darker . and colder . "
the soft steps of her paws walking around the house .
as part of my long winded reply , i often wax lyrical about a memorable story told to me by a photographer friend . despite having a comical undertone , it encapsulates the efforts , attitude and consistency that photographic professionals instinctively offer wordswordswords even in their sleep .
in that operation , which ran from 2009 to 2011 , u.s . government agents lost track of many of the weapons . a congressional panel is investigating operatio
wordswordswordsi canwordswordswordst sell it now wordswordswords itwordswordswordss damaged . and you touched me in an inappropriate place . i know my rights!wordswordswords

when i found out in late january that the place i'd worked for 24 years was folding , i kicked it into gear on the frugality front . i've never been careless with my money , but nor have i , admittedly , been a financial micro-manager .
to make my scene , i used a few , just a few of the new make it crafty paris elements for the background , there are so many elements , the possibilities are just endless ! it took me a very long time to decide which ones i would use and i know i'll be using them a lot - and not just because i am french lol! ! !
" iran lives in self-denial and as if it is an angel free of defects and flaws . psychologically , those suffering from superiority complex believe they can set a good example for others to copy, " he wrote .
at the end of the day , you have to be really cautious with regards to whom you are going to hire as a legal counsel considering that your future depends upon that person . the winning possibilities also rely on the expertise of the attorney and when you trust a lawyer who does not have enough knowledge therefore it goes without saying that you lost your chance of conquering the case . that is why it is better to hire the most effective virginia criminal defense attorney .
2 . in one bowl , combine flour , cocoa , protein powder , salt and baking powder .
the weather is not good for my health . it's not that wet and damp is getting to my lungs , it's just that in this very wet weather ("more than two month's rain in 48 hours " screamed this morning's newspaper) it's not been possible , or sensible to cycle into the office . so having started the year well , it ' snow over three weeks since i put foot to pedal . as it's the only exercise i do , i can feeling the muscles wasting away and the flab piling on . so i'm hoping for a turnaround in the the grey skies for the sake of my health and well being .
the film is ghost writer , with the ever scrumptious ewan macgregor , who is hired to write the memoirs of an ex-prime minister , the dashing pierce brosnan.i loved the gray barren cinematography , the engaging story . ..and the ending . i won't tell you more , but check it out and tell me what you thought ! (warning : there is some language and a sex scene in this film.)
so hi there ! i know i kind of disappeared there for about awhile . i cringed when i saw my last post . all i can say is sorry . we have been very busy in room 105 . author visit , poetry coffeehouse , and of course reading , writing , and arithmetic . i will share just a few things .
although it is easy to put down those of us from the past for our resounding racial cluelessness , i have to ask : where are all the public city swimming pools now , for working class kids (of whatever race) to go to ? there are few-to-none here (mostly ymca and ywca) , and from all i have been able to discern , public swimming pools are mostly a thing of the past . middle-class kids go to pools in their friend's backyards . (i never knew anyone who had an outdoor pool when i was growing up ; city yards are notoriously small and there wouldn't have been enough room , even if you had wanted one.) segregation is not over , it has been taken private and local . if you don't have the money for an expensive membership to the y , if you don't know someone with an outdoor pool or live in a suburban enclave or apartment complex that provides one for its members , you don't swim .
i used my trusty annie sloan chalk paint (old white) , paired that with a printable shared by a kind blogger (i'm so sorry i didn't record who'd done it . ..if it was you , please let me know so i can give credit where it's due!) . i did the inkjet transfer technique to get a faint image , then painted with black acrylic craft paint .
- caroline myss
livin ' in the sunlight , lovin ' in the moonlight
. ..the adoption fell through . she has over $13,000 in her adoption fund , just waiting on her forever family . so please spread the word any way that you can . we need to find this angel a home before she is transferred to an institution . please go to patti's blog to find out more . . . .
a four-year , $10 million effort to digitize the jfk library and museumwordswordswordss archives , making hundreds of thousands of documents , photographs , and recordings available online , is nearing completion of its first phase . a formal announcement will come jan . 13 , one week before the 50th anniversary of jfkwordswordswordss inauguration , at a press conference in the nationwordswordswordss capitol .
it was a wonderful 2011 . iwordswordswordsve enjoyed filling this blog with various subjects wordswordswords reading your comments and sharing my insights . i offer a heartfelt hug to everyone who has taken the time to peruse my articles as well as visit my official website and online store . but this contest is dedicated to the individuals who are either new or have followed this blog since its early inception . in shortwordswordswordsthis contest is for my subscribers . but first , letwordswordswordss take a quick look at 2011 as it relates to the contest .
- whah thah than ? - asks party time .
what i liked less .
almost every booth at the show had a (free!) make and take for us to do . we came home with eight of them total , and we didn't even do them all ! above i'm making a halloween themed tag to go on a goodie bag filled with candy and be handed out to trick or treaters .
on saturday evening , the fdny put out a small fire in the basement of the three-quarter house , at 144-01 lakewood ave . , which just two weeks ago was the subject of a timesledger newspapers article about a class-action lawsuit against the buildingwordswordswordss landlord , yury baumblit .
1-2 gasp 2:06
a backward glance ,
have you ever wondered how come the tea party movement , which consists mostly of lower middle class baby boomers , is so organized ? itwordswordswordss the internet . check out this list of florida-based tea party groups that are active on the web . they form communities on websites like meetup or ning (remember what i said about their limited grasp of technology ? ) and have crazy-ass discussions about taking back america and combating online infiltration groups . these are people just like your mom , who thinks that internet explorer is a service provider . and your dad , who thinks that his yahoo account is stealing his identity . thanks to computers and social networks , the aging (who have been paranoid and angry since the beginning of time) are in a position to band together and support their own unacceptable behavior .
6 . war- bob marley & the wailers
so next time you are in texas you might want to pick up some beer that is impossible to buy and enjoy in louisiana . when safely home with your smuggled contraband , toast your inner bandit , snowman or frog (burt reynolds , jerry reed , and sally field) . and check out freelouisianabeer.blogspot.com for some things you can do to help us change louisianawordswordswordss beer distribution laws .
my proud gal ! can't believe she will soon no longer be a kindergartner :(
i have noticed that everything lists weight watchers points on it now . everything . you can look up food online or pick it up in a store and even pick up many restaurant menus and see the number of ww points for each item . this , of course , helps those who utilize ww to stay within their point range and ultimately lose weight (ideally) .
letwordswordswordss put this into perspective here :
wordswordswordshave you ever been convicted of a crime ? wordswordswords he asked .
2 strode
i decided to take a nap , bad idea . i woke up feeling a a zombie and i coudnt sleep at night . was that my conscience ?
i found my schedule book!!! ! called sam's club and had left it there . will not be able to pick up till we head back to the big city this thursday but i am so glad that i won't have to start all over with a new book ! ( anyone have any great ideas as to how to not misplace your book ? this is the 2nd time this has happened . last year i never did find it)
i am smelling . . . . . .nada . need to get some tart warmers turned on i guess !
therewordswordswordss history : my father
this time , palin made a few remarks on paul revere's midnight ride . in her remarks , she mentions the tolling of bells , beating of drums and revere warning the british that the americans are coming . wait , what ? our intrepid media wondered . warning the british the americans are coming ? what a buffoon !
wordswordswordswhen you or i write a check there must be sufficient funds in our account to cover the check , but when the federal reserve writes a check there is no bank deposit on which that check is drawn . when the federal reserve writes a check , it is creating money.wordswordswords wordswordswords putting it simply , boston federal reserve bank
too often in matters like this the state authorities does wine on uswordswordswords.and wine hard too . so , sorry khan is not heads alone i want to see roll .
do you eat green cheese and ham ?
after being delightfully surprised with this dish , i followed neal's recommendation and ordered the chicken . three of us ordered the chicken . and we all loved it . although i didn't get some more pics of the food , this was the general consensus of the rest of the meal (got to get better with taking pics using the camera phone if i am going to document the journey more appropriately . or charge the battery in my camera) . the skin on the chicken was pan seared giving it a nice crunchy exterior but the breast and the thigh were so moist and succulent . a winner indeed . a couple of my friends ordered the veggie plate and fell in complete adoration , proclaiming it to be one of the best veggie plates they had had (and one is a vegetarian so that's big) .
wordswordswordsa group of youths have attacked a local business and clashed with police officers . we would urge parents in the area to call their children if they are not home yet .
sleek sunset palette
i just wanted to share just as soon as i'd finished it , so here it is .
same class as saturday nights class
but what about those of us who are not called to such obvious leadership roles ? how do we advocate for ourselves or learn to find our own voices when even those women whose voices are gifted and called to vocation in the church are criticized , treated with suspicion , or even silenced ?
if you don't like the sound of that , rest assured , there is another option . you can view your child as a partner , a member of your team in this game . you can have fun together , without competing at all , without needing to declare winners and losers . you can make up the rules as you go along , together with your child . you can listen when your child has a problem with the way you are setting up the game , and figure out how to keep it fun for both of you . you can tend to your child's needs and be supportive of his food choices and other preferences .
will try my best get round later to your blogs if not i will def be round tomorrow .
the way that i understand the law , and i get my information from the internet , is that even if one is an aggressor and during that act of aggression , if the perpetrator begins to lose the fight that they start , they have the right then to shoot and kill their intended victim and then hide behind a veil of a self-defense , perceived threat justification . it makes absolutely no sense .
he slept in the crypt that night . in one of the tombs .
because you gang raped her , abuse her , groomed her , tortured her and murdered her .
he was just standing there quietly .
suddenly that i didn't have a chance to do anything for her .
the nineteen brainy , compelling , endlessly fascinating spy thrillers written by british author anthony price over a twenty-year period from 1970 have become an abiding preoccupation for me this year . i wrote about them in a series of posts in june , reviewing each of the first three novels wordswordswords the labyrinth makers (1970) , the alamut ambush (1971) and colonel butler's wolf (1972) wordswordswords in turn . my latest review , of the fourth novel , october men (1973) , can be found here . the books wordswordswords all of them first published in the uk by victor gollancz wordswordswords feature a rotating cast of operatives of the research and development section of britain's intelligence services , notably dr . david audley , the highly intelligent , iconoclastic middle east specialist and expert in history and archaeology , but also colonel-nee-major jack butler and squadron leader hugh roskill , among others . they are , in short , extraordinarily good , at their best rivalling john le carrwordswords for their seemingly byzantine yet ultimately deceptively simple plots and vivid characterization .
remove lemon and garnish with the remaining green onions before serving . you can also sprinkle some hemp seeds on top for some extra nutrition .
while he do his work , he look at a picture on his table . itwordswordswordss he and his lover , junsu . he stroke junsu picture .

i was recently contacted by attune foods and asked if i would review their probiotic chocolate bars . i had never heard of attune foods before - so i did some research and asked lots of questions . they also have granola and granola bars in their line - but those are not gluten free . their only products that are gluten free at this time are the chocolate bars . and the only ones that are casein free as well are the 3 dark chocolate varieties . if you are also soy free - which i know many of my readers are - this product is not for you - all 3 of the bars i tested clearly stated that they contain soy .
so please now your numbers , know your family medical history . my mother made sure me and my sister knew ours and i'm going to make sure my boys know theirs . it's our first defense in helping ourselves stay healthy ! remember , talk to your family and find out your numbers , i know many of you have little ones to think of . we need to stay healthy for them ! now go and have that talk , you'll feel better that you did .
wewordswordswordsll run wild oh
i'd have to say my favorite practical bookstore is half price books here in des moines (which is a chain) and then my favorite " fun " bookstore would be the vault , in oskaloosa , iowa . it's an old bank !
i was born anew but without the assistance of an adult to mold me and shape me , nor with the help of time to slowly let me develop . i had to just get normal and find myself all at once . i couldn't laugh anymore and i couldn't make other people laugh like i had been able to so easily before . i had lost my witty sarcasm and my silly perspective on life .
a suburb of phoenix , chandler has its own cultural heritage , and celebrates it each year with a variety of festivals . these include the ostrich festival , the chandler jazz festival , and the chandler golf challenge . there is also a classic car and hot rod show , the parade of lights , and much more . and chandlerwordswordswordss education system is second to none . so , if you are looking for a beautiful new home in a wonderful and thriving community , look no further than the great 3-bedroom properties in chandler , az . family living has never been better .
i was really hoping for a shot of the milky way , but from what i have read this is really difficult and requires a lot of editing in photoshop , but i will be going back up there in the summer to try again so who knows .
wordswords tsp cardamom seeds
i have used the new release fancy that dies filmstrip , build a bloom and the scallop floret . i've torn the filmstrip in half again and used only half of the build a bloom to replicate the poppies in the photos .
4 .wild life
a couple of weeks ago i posted about signs of spring , one of which is sugaring season . here in new england and eastern canada we make maple syrup from the sap of the sugar maple tree . you can read more about it here .
i smile even wider ; this woman always knows what to say to me !
that night at supper ,
thatwordswordswordss a hard one to remember ,
cooper dahlsing does strange things while sleepwalking . could he have killed and not known it ?
during the mid 1970wordswordswordss they were worldwide teen heartthrobs and were featured on the covers of dozens of magazines .
by contrast , the low-key mourdockwordswordswordss mantra has been wordswordswordscapable , competent , and conservative,wordswordswords a line he used last week after a fine performance in his sole debate with lugar , and one that could describe our impression of the man after he met with national review editors recently . mourdock is popular in indiana , having won reelection as state treasurer with 63 percent of the vote , and has impressed the grassroots , securing endorsements from a number of tea party groups and delivering a strong speech at cpac . like so many who have seen the light , mourdock became a conservative in the age of reagan ; he is a successful oil geologist whose growing interest in thinkers such as milton friedman led him to run for congress and eventually win county and statewide office . as treasurer , mourdock has shown himself to be both fiscally prudent and possessed of a certain fighting spirit , most prominently when he (unsuccessfully) sued to recover $6 million the statewordswordswordss pension funds had lost when the obama administrationwordswordswordss auto bailouts arbitrarily rewrote a century of bankruptcy law .
the day is started off with uplifting activities , allowing students , staff , and community members to drop their guard and prepare for opening their minds and their hearts . next came small group discussions . i was paired with five students i had never met or even seen before . the stories which were shared in my " family " of students (as the program leaders called them) made me say " wow " .
where would you set the boundaries for teen fiction ?
musical performance by carnaval kids ! 10 wordswordswords 10:30
but i was never your best friend
i think this view hits the mark , or at least does the best job .
next time i go up to my mum's we'll carry on with this project , so watch this space ! when all the quilting is done we'll need to bind it together too , so that'll be another skill/technique for me to pick up !
# do not register your team ! pick it directly from your game boy cartridge .
2 . from running events to training people
perhaps the worst thing about the creature was its affinity for children . its yearn for taking children from their families who henceforth could never hope to see them again . what it did to them , reader , even i do not know , but if i did , i still would not tell you . this is certainly evidence enough for mothers far and wide adamantly refusing their children entry into the forest , it is known that in particular , the creature preyed most preferably upon girls that were reaching the time wherein childhood is but a repressed memory and womanhood a tentative cycle journey away .
the administration seems to be more interested in the economic stimulus angle of food stamps than in using the benefits to help americans eat nutritious foods . the junk foods allowed in the food stamp program are in direct contrast to the healthier foods that are required in the federal national school lunch and breakfast programs , as well as in the wic program , for mothers and children . the obama administration passed historic legislation in 2010 to retool the nutrition requirements in the school feeding programs , which will eventually make school cafeteria offerings far healthier . by denying new york's request , usda dropped the ball on an experiment that could have led to more historic , healthy change .
description : jessie brazen fell hard for victor weatherly , hard enough to marry him during a short whirlwind romance . then everything fell apart and he left . now , after a three year separation , jessie decides the best thing for everyone involved is to let him go , forever . after all , itwordswordswordss not like anyone knows theywordswordswordsre married , except her sister , samantha . so she writes to him , demanding a divorce . victor isnwordswordswordst about to let his wife go without a fight . so they had issues , everyone does , but he knows if she will just hear him out , he can prove they belong together .
we keep them locked inside , and these emotions grow like a snowball rolling down the hill . we get so used to ignoring them that we can even make ourselves believe theywordswordswordsre actually not there .
i was on another such call recently , the purpose of whichwordswordswordsaccording to the jewish rabbinical group that invited mewordswordswordswas to help listeners wordswordswordsunderstand the current state of the economy ; learn about the impact of the proposed budget cuts on the poor and disenfranchised ; consider the consequences of the increasing gap between the rich and poor in america ; and , glean homiletic and textual background to help prepare their high holiday sermons on this timely topic.wordswordswords
-and one of my favorites , i told one of the best surgeons in the country he needed to get back to work , and he is operating on a pretty important brain ! laugh some time right ?
i highly recommend this place if you're visiting paris and want to play julia child for the afternoon (in english!)
233200 residential building construction
whatever you call it , this is exactly what cyberspacewordswordswordss most famous activist , julian assange , the editor in chief of wikileaks , is going to do today .
this is winter in the town that i grew up in as a tiny child till i was 13 and it was very very cold in winter . stanthorpe is this town and it is renowned to be the only place it snows in queensland . i rode my pushbike to school with no gloves and i can tell you it is damn cold there , although all the years i lived there myself i never actually saw snow . the year i left it snowed or the next year but i missed it and still to this day i have not seen snow . in stanthorpe everything freezes . the taps are always frozen , it was a common occurrence !
douglass founded dendrochronology or the science of tree ring patterns . scientists use a non-destructive method of sampling whereby they carefully extract pencil width cores from living trees . and by counting each annual ring , which contains a lighter band of early-wood and a darker band of late-wood , researchers are accurately able to determine the treewordswordswordss age .
and while sometimes that means that life is easy going ,
the child was brought to a dallas hospital in april 2001 with a skull fracture and bruises to his head , thigh and abdomen . a week later , he was taken off life support and died . hernandezwordswordswordss dna was found in karloswordswordswords blood on a pillowcase and on the childwordswordswordss clothing .
wewordswordswordsre getting married in hilton , where i went to school .
day 8 (tuesday)
jonah had prejudiced feelings concerning that wicked gentile city , nineveh . this greatly hindered his obedience and until that was overcome god could not use him . in fact , he never got over it and his ministry was greatly limited .
i look into the mirror and inspect my gums . i inspect my hair and i look for blackheads on this slightly disorientated but hopefully beautiful head , i tell myself some nice things .
genya ravan : back in my arms again
also a first , i used the pool . swam , in fact , although can you really call it swimming if your shower lasted longer than your laps ? i think that i did 3 laps . it is possible that i did 4 , but i honestly canwordswordswordst remember . i couldnwordswordswordst even remember just after i finished .
the new challenge at the scrapalicious blog is " a cut above" . for this theme , we had to use a diecut somewhere on our project . i created this " family " tag with lots of yummy papers and stamps , an edger punch , and a cool chipboard key .
so thatwordswordswordss it for the celeb news for the week . obviously , there has been lots more happen (like will and kate celebrating their first wedding anniversary) but i thought iwordswordswordsd just mention the highlights , so tune in next friday to find out wordswordswordsthe low downwordswordswords .
some fold or twist of the sherim put the image of the axtli and the croft just to his left , even though by the lie and curve of the threads around him rel could tell that the monster - and the way back to safety - was behind him . the creature was a cloud of needles again ; three sets , all pointing identically at dora , and yet two of the sets pointing beyond her and around through the convoluted structure of the sherim to rel and taslin . by the length of the needles , the thing knew where they were , but could no longer identify them as food .
please feel free to use the pattern in any way , but please credit me for the pattern . thanks and happy hooking
the gift-giver's mockery made opening his jaw to speak a trial . " you can't not know how dangerous this is . sherim and clearsight do not mix . "
another thing the nba needs to do is make more consistent calls no matter who the player involved is . a little over a week ago , lebron james set a hard screen on bulls guard john lucas iii and no foul was called . today tyson chandler set basically the exact screen on lebron james but he was called for a flagrant foul . if the nba doesnwordswordswordst make consistent calls , how will the players know how to play ?
my sister was laughing at me because i was making a fool in front of everyone else . but i didn't care . so what ? at least i'm not *brag* *brag* *brag* like what she always do . .
sigh . oh well . i guess it could have turned out green or worse , my hair could have fallen out . i think i'll be washing my hair every ten minutes now .
one-sentence summary . i prefer to see a one-sentence
(2) ignore it as if it never touched your heartsee more
for the record , laura bush was a teacher and librarian wordswordswords which most people would describe as wordswordswordsgrown upwordswordswords jobs .
wordswordswordswe believe that jesus died and rose again.wordswordswords (1 thess 4:14a)
it must smell absolutely amazing to be right in the middle of it all !
yesterday i watched a big , fat , blue-gray pigeon fastidiously shop for home-building supplies , then carefully carry each piece up to a ledge on the side of a building . so much care was taken to be sure that each piece was the proper something or other - size ? strength ? shape ?
that being said , the juniors who were trying very hard and still struggling are not at fault . perhaps they just need some directions , which would differ from one to one . iwordswordswordsd just wish that the new measures and system i proposed together with the new management would go through , and provide a better foundation for future newcomers .
wordswordswords . .the fact that a coherent right-wing response is easily made suggests something more fundamental underlies the denierswordswordswords position . that response was made by tim yeo , another conservative mp , and chair of the energy and climate change committee . it is clear that the risks of inaction are too high , he said , and creating a low-carbon and resource efficient economy will give the uk a huge economic and competitive advantage in a world in which both temperature and population is rising . wordswordswordswe led the first industrial revolution and we can lead the second,wordswordswords he said . at this point , climate sceptics benny peiser , from the global warming policy foundation , and journalist dominic lawson roared with laughter and almost fell off their chairswordswordswordsthe sceptics are a fringe within a fringewordswordswords
average bosses see business as a conflict between companies , departments and groups . they build huge armies of wordswordswordstroopswordswordswords to order about , demonize competitors as wordswordswordsenemies,wordswordswords and treat customers as wordswordswordsterritorywordswordswords to be conquered .
and i will send to you soon .
i'm just not . not even close . she loves it . she's thriving . she's making friends . she's learning that not only do her mother , father and grandparents love and adore her , but a whole bunch of other people in her community do too .
wash the summer squash , red potatoes and dry them .
now of course i could easily get a few more inches out of this if i really worked on it . i could have included my giant norton anthology of science fiction just because it contains " frozen journey" ; i could have put some dvds in there (the gospel according to philip k dick , blade runner , a scanner darkly , etc) . i could bring home all of the pkd books from my office , make a tour of various friends ' houses , collecting loaned editions ; i could've included my complete set of newsletters . why not include all of my italo calvino books because i bought them because they compare pkd to him on the back covers of the vintage editions ? but i keep telling you , i don't have anything to prove here ! after all it's not how much dick you have ; it's what you do with it that matters .
500g piece salmon fillets , skinless
exasperated i entered 2-7-6-0-7wordswordswordsand waited . but nothing happened . i watched the tiny screen , my lifeline to my future .
also a big thank you to everyone that participated and who helped coordinate the project for malta . well done .
minimal airbrushing is needed for cards of this sort . only bernie carbo's uniform needs " fixing " in this case . (perhaps the brim of his cap as well.)
cost so far : 3609 gold + 2175 justice points + 12000 honor points
slice chilli into thin rings .

it is just behind the borough market , even sharing some of its facilities . yet it is surprisingly quiet compared to other pubs in the vicinity . appearantly , few seems to have found the narrow path to beerdom .
when i finally comfortably (remember , i wasnwordswordswordst actually stuffed to the brim wordswordswords i could have eaten more) and regally rose from my throne , this is what was in my tummy along with my unborn baby girl . brace yourselveswordswordswords
rebekah has on her hot pink cast from fracturing her wrist while jumping off a swing . she's also holding the teddy bear that she received at the hospital . she has named him teddy .
i saw mary fellowes this morning , and she was hoping that all these new people understand that there's more to being a town councillor than going to meetings - there's also inspecting the public toilets , and removing fly tipping down the railway line , and other things that some people might not want to do .
greg is a figure whowordswordswordss recognized by many craft beer fans as he is often seen and heard as the wordswordswordsfacewordswordswords and wordswordswordsvoicewordswordswords of stone brewing . indeed , greg acts out his passion for stone brewing wordswordswords and for great beer in general wordswordswords in the form of musings , declarations , raves , rants , propositions , actions and myriad contributions to the community at large through multiple media including books , blogs , videos , social media , public appearances and more .
artists create and muses inspire . the ancient greeks had 9 muses to get inspired : calliope for epic poetry , clio for history , erato for love poetry , euterpe for song , melpomene for tragedy , polyhymnia for hymns , terpsichore for dance , thalia for comedy and urania for astronomy . all of them are goddesses .
he said , " son , stay here all you need "
editing : anne-sophie bion , michel hazanavicius , the artist
now i'm just left to worry if it'll be absolutely horrible . . . if it's not too bad , i'll link to it once it's published ! :-p
develop the next generation of
-the 12-year-old boy , who does weird things like earn and save $130 to purchase a light saber online ;
06 intro 1:03
this is the description of the product :
negatives : because of their single-mindedness , persistents often become consumed by their desire . everything else is peripheral : career , relationships , morals . they are so focused on the goal that everything else falls to the wayside . persistents are often stubborn to a fault , refusing to give up even when the pursuit of their goal becomes destructive . they don't heed the advice of others , and sacrifice common sense for obsession . though the goal may be noble , a persistent's way of pursuing if is often less than honorable .
what have you not attempted because you have convinced yourself it canwordswordswordst be done ?
to the people of the world ,
i'd had lunch at 11:30 , and i knew i wouldn't be eating until about 7:30 , so i was hoping to have a little something to eat . hoping to have a little something vaguely healthy to eat . without actually ordering something real (like pizza or pasta) , i was left with only sweet things . i almost didn't give in , but i mentioned the presence of tiramisu . . . my brother was unable to resist , so i opted for a creme di fragola . it included strawberries - they're healthy , right ?
the yarrow , which i cannot keep from the super flop , is also going to virginia , as soon as things thaw up there , where it can be planted in the ' ignored ' bed , and just be a field flower .
wordswordswordswordswordswordsi then going over all the face in blush using small circular movements . i dont go over the apricot & oatmeal to much just lightly to blend all the colours together so there are no lines . the colours blend into the next one so it looks natural as possible.wordswordswords
the men
but all that is clearly too much hassle for the farmer on common road . i reckon it was ten years since he last cut those hedges (ironically quite good) - and when the time came that something had to be done , he wasn't going to be worried about the niceties of yellow hammers or bullfinches . judging by the results of his mechanical flail i don't reckon he's bothered about much in nature at all . he's not only cut the thinner growth , he's slashed the nearby trees , splintered the blackthorn into shards , even smashed his own fences . in all , he reduced the hedge by over six feet .
this all being said , the table has in theory saved my broken a** . in practice remains to be seen , but i am optimistic my tendons will be thanking me .
brings creatures through snares .
donwordswordswordst be alarmed if your skin becomes temporarily darkened as some peoplewordswordswordss skin changes color when in contact with lime juice .
4.) jesus says nothing about homosexuality .
mr tomlinson argued history had shown it was men who are naturally equipped to succeed above women . " where , for example , are the great female explorers , mountaineers , warriors , inventors , chefs ? " he said . " blokes dominate most areas of human endeavour because nature equipped them with something called testosterone . "
with tampa baywordswordswordss health rankings landing at the middle to bottom of state and national rankings , and falling below in areas of critical concern , collaboration and concerted action is imperative if we want a healthier tampa bay by 2050 . small , simple changes in lifestyle can make a positive difference in the health and wellness of our citizens . by challenging citizens from across tampa bay to get up and get moving just 30 minutes each day , the one bay team estimates we can collectively wordswordswordswalk to the moonwordswordswords (or at least the equivalent in land-based terms ; thatwordswordswordss 238,857 miles) in seven weeks . the challenge starts april 4 , 2012 . sign up today !
you know , i was just going to complain about the romance when i realized that i was doing it on autopilot . i suddenly remembered that there are more characters that i need to hate upon , or worship in my own obscure way . claire annoyed me rather a lot , in the previous book . she was not in much of this book , but for the parts she was in , she seemed much less weak and surprisingly less dull . for this , i can thanks the book gods . (because there is definitely a higher power reining over the authors imagination , other than the authors imagination.) however , this is a twist . claire revealed herself as a twilight fan . i almost liked you , claire . even if you did hate breaking dawn , you shall not be forgiven for your sins . you will have to suffer the torture of bad shojo manga to repent from your sins , in a fanfiction that i will put together sometime soon .
entering the world of the suburbs does not mean fear for me , but often a kind of ennui . with a few rare exceptions , the suburbs of paris are not attractive places . they are scruffy , the result of inexistant urban planning . fast roads send cars thundering through what were their historic hearts and viaducts carry streams of trains through industrial estates or over back gardens . and yet there is something endlessly fascinating about these places if you scratch through this opaque vision .
if it was not for the edl the rape of these girls would be ignored , and the perpetrators would continue .
i have been working on my larger christmas piece , called christmas visitor .
therewordswordswordss the wordswordswordsemergency penguinwordswordswords wordswordswords a felt penguin head on a stick so-called because it seems to have have the mystical ability to instantly stop any size of baby tantrum . that has a bell inside it . therewordswordswordss also the babywordswordswordss rattle , the christmas bib that has somehow not yet made its way into the washing machine , a squeaky little rubber alien that the baby likes to gnaw onwordswordswords frankly itwordswordswordss more difficult to think of something inside my bag that *doesnwordswordswordst* make a comedy noise of some sort .
to less wishing and more doing in 2011 and beyond .
" and that is the whole story, " remarked price as he returned , glass suitaby recharged .
- procrastin8or
given the opportunity , in their typical denigrating of black intellect , democrats would argue that requirements for firefighter of the year be lowered to give my dad a " fair " shot at it . lowered standards would have robbed dad of the dignity and pride of his achievement . thank god such was not the case .
why yes , that is correct . why not ?
we walk down to the park where a bangladeshi man who tends the trees shows us some trees with the resin on the trunks .
with the cooling weather i've sought to make some comfort food - a simple borlotti bean ragu . at its heart is a soffritto - onion , celery , carrot - to which i've added red capsicum and grated zucchini . red capsicum when slowly cooked adds a lovely sweetness to the dish and grated zucchini thickens the sauce and makes it almost creamy .
wordswordswordsall right,wordswordswords he agreed meekly . wordswordswordsbut donwordswordswordst you want to look at the pictures yourself ? they are still on my phone and there might be someone you know there.wordswordswords
tan skin
as for my actual check-inwordswordswords . i can say with absolute certainty that since my last post i have not only met but exceeded every single one of my goals . just in time to change them completely for a monthwordswordswords .
point made : how to write like the nation's top advocates is the title of a readable little book by ross guberman (president of legal writing pro , an advanced legal-writing training and consulting firm) . according to the book's (and jiplp's) publishers oxford university press :
mr.g . asked me to look after a pocket lamp as he couldn't see nothing . which i did . mr . g . took the lamp and pointed it to the white spot . it was our cat arthur . he was sitting there , and just meauwing a whole opera . mr . g . started swearing (in italian of course or fortunately) in his descreet pavarotti voice . it was past midnight and the neighbors probably all slept happily and hopefully not unhappily . (amazing how the letters u n can change a whole sentence !)
rated r for brief nudity , sexuality and language . acceptable for teenagers . (lots of comedy , it's a real treat for rickmaniacs . i won't say why , you have to watch it to find out . but i will say that rickman does a brilliant job in this film.)
and shouldnwordswordswordst we be wary of our heroes ? history is written by the winners , and so we view characters like alexander , richard the lionheart and henry v through the distorted lenses of victory . i think my background has made me question the simplistic attitude towards wordswordswordsheroismwordswordswords as defined by war . all of the above were great slaughterers of men and empires are built from blood and bones .
smuttynose owner peter egelston said the farmhouse is being moved 40 yards east to make room for the new 42,000-square-foot brewing facility . building will begin in spring 2012 .
wordswords cindy jones
first , you can pray for meghan and steve . they had their daughter quinn today (also having trisomy 13) and she made it through labor like a champ . she's in the nicu now and i pray they get so much time with her ! !
we however were craving some time on the water . . . .we went in with my sister and my dad to get this beauty . it was carefully strapped to the roof of my little calibre . . . .we were on our way to the woods when a gust of wind came up and promptly removed the canoe from the roof . . . .yes , there was plenty of cussing . a call to my dad to bring us some fresh rope and his canoe knowledge . . . ..and we were back on the road . this new canoe amazingly bounced off the highway and is completely fine , except for a few scratches ! (the canoe was hereby named " ss fell off the effing roof")
everyone's seen those cute colourful monogrammed iphone cases around the web , but who wants to pay fifty plus hard earned bucks for something that you'll probably either break or tire of after a few months ? not i ! i knew there had to be a way to do this on a budget (and give myself some more options to boot!) , so i decided to take a crack at it myself . this was a pretty easy project and only took me a few hours to come up with over 10 designs .
and all that
auster has written some more . no answer to my points . he is more interested in speculating about my pseudonym . really . he says my thinking works like an anti-semitic computer program.at the core of the program is the false epiphany : wordswordswordsnow i see it ! the jews are responsible for everything that has gone wrong with the west , the jews are the enemy , and everyone is covering this up , and i alone have the courage to reveal this truth and call the jews to account.wordswordswordsso he thinks iwordswordswordsm an automaton . an inferior whose arguments he must exaggerate in order to make them sound unserious . i think this means i will not be getting any substantive answer .
with our treasure :
fell runners of the uk seem to have latched on to this concept decades ago with the establishment of the bob graham round--a link-up of 42 peaks in less than 24 hours in the english lake district . legendary fell runner joss naylor built on this concept by eventually stringing together 72 peaks (and 105mi/38,000 ' of vert!) in 23:20 in 1975 . the round has never become a formal race but records are kept for the route and as with any fkt-style effort , the spirit of moving quickly on inspiring , gnarly terrain is at the core of these feats ' appeal .
the ad was light hearted , had talking cats , an uplifting track wordswordswords a recipe for success if you ask me wordswordswords all the while staying on message and promoting the cause for the adoption of shelter animals .
you love your bed and sleep like a rockstar in it , and in it only .
another notable musician mr john swan ( swannee) wrote this piece of work called wordswordswordsi believewordswordswords and for today , i wanted to add it to this ! very wise words swanee .
right-click on the links below and save the mp3 to your computer or open in it on your cellphone .
true believer (2005)
from this course i have learned that instructional strategies are as diverse as the student populations that i will encounter in my future classrooms . in order to give my students the education that they deserve , and approach my goal of becoming a respected member of the teaching community , i will actively seek to incorporate the best aspects of the four instructional model families through in-service training opportunities or the wise counsel and mentorship of veteran colleagues .
itwordswordswordss no longer my birthday . the dishwasher is broken . everyone has left and iwordswordswordsm alone in the house with the ironing , the washing and the clearing up . wewordswordswordsve run out of eggs , the oven needs cleaning , the kitchen floor needs hoovering and i still have to get the crumbs and bits of sellotape out of my side of the bed .
molecules , the same
through the end of monday , november 28 , the fiction anthologies i've produced for nuelow games are on sale at a reduced price , what with it being " cyber monday " and all . this is also in celebration of the newly launched drivethrufiction.com website , which is the exclusive outlet for nuelow games ' pdf-format fiction anthologies .
this week and next week , we're running a query letter clinic . we'll be looking at two types of query letters : the kind you send to agents and editors to get them to want to read your manuscript , and the kind you send to reviewers to get them to read your novel . we'll pick 5 random query letters this coming weekend and post them on our site one letter per day next week for analysis based on our experiences with querying . commenters can leave helpful thoughts on why they might or might not request these manuscripts .
01 wheelchair epidemic
my dad is a wonderful man . i love him to bits and i know that he loves me wordswordswords iwordswordswordsm daddywordswordswordss only daughter and although iwordswordswordsm all grown up now he still wants to provide for me as if i were still the happy , hyper six year old that needed to be lifted up into big trees . but arguing with him is a waste of time because no matter how reasonable he thinks he is , he wonwordswordswordst consider anyone elsewordswordswordss opinion because if it isnwordswordswordst the same as his , theywordswordswordsre talking nonsense . i couldnwordswordswordst tell him i was angry because hewordswordswordsd have told me i was being unreasonable and i wasnwordswordswordst as sick as my cousin was when she was anorexic and i hadnwordswordswordst gone too far down that path so i was alright , i would be fine . trust me , i did try .
12 . karp - connect 5
and while i'm at it , just to make sure ya'll are getting your money's worth , here's a review of another page novel contained in the robot titans of gotham book pictured above , which also contains another spider novel , death reign of the vampire king .
i was 12 years old and in love with boy scouts . i was at camp horse shoe , which is located in rising sun , maryland . i was with three other boys and we were taking a shortcut back to our camp so we wouldnwordswordswordst miss lunch . the lead boy , who knew the shortcut , led us up this boulder-covered ravine . we were making our way up this ravine when the boy who was in front yelled , wordswordswordswow , whatwordswordswordss that ? wordswordswords
i imagine people will either love or hate the almost too-cool-for-school feel of mama shelter . this philippe starck designed hotel boasts a huge bar/eatery on the ground floor , which is covered with fun bits and pieces (writing on the ceiling , guitars on display , glowing bar tops) . as i've mentioned before , even though i love a slickly designed space , i get a little worried that the effort went into form and not function . my fears were slightly assuaged with a look at the cocktail menu . mama shelter offers up a nice selection of solid and classic cocktails (aviation , sazerac , brandy crusta , etc) and a list of what i can only assume are house creations as i've never heard of the " last thing to do before you die " or " bubble bum " they've got a few different bitters in stock , which is also a nice bonus .
-if you and your honey are sports fans , check out a local high school game or minor league event . you get the excitement that comes with watching live action at a fraction of the cost .
that visit changed the whole way i thought about isabel's house . i still didn't have a very visual imagination . but now i didn't need one . i knew exactly what isabel's house looked like wordswordswords i'd been there .

i wanted to be able to just use the photos that i had , as is , so i cut all of my chipboard & pp to match the size photos i already had printed .
michael arnold / shenyang / 13
wordswordswordsis that so!wordswordswords with a bit of an attitude he said , wordswordswordsand how , may i ask , did a bartender cure you ? !
girl realizes that in 7 months , she paid as much as she's about to buy a new car for-- and thinks to herself " thanks for screwing me once again , asshat "
wordswordswordsit doesnwordswordswordst matter,wordswordswords i said . wordswordswordsitwordswordswordss not relevant to our lives.wordswordswords
tuesday , 21 february : carel bester (74) was attacked by a robber on his smallholding on the eindhoek suiker estates approximately 13 km outside empangeni .
either way , though , my academic engine has difficulty shutting off , and so here i am with some meta-notes , my own attempt to try to understand precisely the formula that makes something like this so addicting and even interesting .
i did the math : 98% of my women students have long hair , really long . i looked into it . women were required to cut their hair short during the cultural revolution (and wear menwordswordswordss clothes , preferably fatigues , a wordswordswordsgloriouswordswordswords look being in fashion , while girly-ness was bourgeois) . make up was also banned . for little girls , no ribbons or bows . that construction of femininity was politically repressed . so the long hair , the teensy high voices , the high heels you see absurdly walking up mountainsides ? political statement right back at ya .
alex van halen wordswordswords drums
we headed back out a different way through a bit of a higher canyon with more gorgeous views . went to dinner with friends , laughed , listened to their gorgeous children tell stories , laughed and most importantly relaxed .
itwordswordswordss the first official day of summer and we know that many of you have planned or will be planning trips during this peak travel season . we have compiled some tips for you to use on your next trip . from saving money , tsa tips and more , wewordswordswordsve got you covered for summer travel .
overall : 9.5 / 10 i really really like those lenses! ! maybe they are not as vibrant as the advertisement photo in real like , but in flash photos they really do stand out !
- michael : cannondale caad 9

can you tell me how iwordswordswordsd be getting this money and how long it will take ? i have been wanting to buy a new home for quite some time and i saw that barry manilowwordswordswordss house is for sale and itwordswordswordss only $10.9m wordswordswords obviously this is a very cheap deal and i was hoping to jump on it . i was going to have a housewarming party and hire someone from la ink to come by so everyone can get free tattoos . i was thinking of getting one right above my rear end that says , wordswordswordsfor deposit onlywordswordswords wordswordswords what do you think ? i was thinking i would put up $100,000 to the first person who gets a tattoo of megatron violating a toaster oven . that would be a funny tattoo .
on a certain occasion , after his resurrection , our lord
this haunted eve , the silver moon is queen ;
in glenayre electronics , inc . v . jackson , et al . (fed . cir . april 11 , 2006) , the court held that jackson's acceptance of remittitur damages against declaratory judgment plaintiff glenayre prevented jackson from litigating indirect infringement counterclaims against glenayrewordswordswordss customers . according to circuit judge prost ,
endings , in general , should pull the story arc together and bring it to a close . there are exceptions to this , of course - television shows left hanging , manga chapters with shocking revelations on the last page so that readers will be desperate to find out why and what the implications are in the next issue . it's a gimmick that's worked well for long-running serial works for ages .
i have to discharge myself . i am wheeled down to the discharge lounge hooked up to a catheter , looking like death warmed up (slightly) and i sit there hoping hoping hoping that the private hospital will take me in their arms and just diagnose me .
* free hands-on workshops designed for children ages 5 - 12 offered the 1st saturday of every month at all the home depot stores between 9:00 a.m . wordswordswords 12:00 p.m .
he must be following in our beloved prime minister , kevin rudd's footsteps . kevin recently found time to write a children's book .
i have temporarily misplaced the dog and have no idea where he is in the apartment . i greeted him this morning when i woke up but when i got back from going to the toilet , he was nowhere to be found . i'm sure he'll show up again but this is a new one to me . he must be gaining his independence as he never is far away from me .
in a large skillet , break up and brown the sausage and the frozen onions and peppers (takes about as long as the pasta to cook) . drain , add to drained pasta pot . add both jars of sauce , stir all together .
pros : any holiday where you are encouraged to eat until you want to vomit is 100% okay in my book .
we here at u . and s . find this a fantastic place and time , as any , to dissect the lyrical qualities of the memph-clips action from last night . conley had a terrific night and is one gear away from being better even (maybe a change-time pace-setter or maybe a true-passer) . really , just a young dude hitting shots efficiently and from the heart , a lot of great in-the-moment shots last night , and could have taken more wordswordswords but the bigs just couldnwordswordswordst find the ball when need be to lower that stress and heighten that shoot-confidence . the bigs need the ball and to be exact , gasol was struggling with the contact and find-your-position battle with the unusually tough clipper dee . and randolph was having a touch of a clunker evening , not sure if thatwordswordswordss conditioning and the full-on or just the fact he couldnwordswordswordst get a rhythm going , same as gasol , but he struggled across several areas . they just didnwordswordswordst receive the ball when they had the position , or just couldnwordswordswordst find the sweet spots to my eye , and gave up key rebounds (those damn free throws and reggie evans pushing us out of the damn way) and just couldnwordswordswordst get their inside-out game in lock . a handful of second-guessing paired with missed floaters and jumpers equals a tough half of the battle . the other half ? being a force and stoic . couldnwordswordswordst find that . gay hit some shots and had a nice game , but nothing take-over . allen looked a touch slow on guarding paul in the crunch , and mayo was quiet . the clips had them shot .
normal teenage girl : orange or an awkward shade of brown from tanning , dark eyeliner , bright eyeshadow , tight clothing , push-up bra , bronzer and lots of it , and of course her lovely ugg boots .

" what is it ? " asks fitton,"i'm not sure but it's not the sort of thing you find lying around an engineering office . i'm guessing cantharidin , anthrax , some sort of fast acting poison ? "
on a personal note , while i'm not necessarily ready to jump into another serious relationship , it has been lovely to be treated like this . perhaps it's just the physical manifestation of the romance that i was trying to be open to . regardless , i'm learning to be open to this as well as more romance every day .
proposes that government and commercial users would share the band
if you will recall from our study on worship , known as the joshua project , we learned that god has laid out a formula for calling his own into worshiping him . the formula is simply this : if we will come to know the attributes of god , and also acknowledge those attributes in our lives , then god will produce the actions in us that equal true worship .
the continued , but healthier , relationship with my parents .
i know itwordswordswordss hard to admit you made a mistake . i get it . you really believed this guy was wordswordswordsthe onewordswordswords and he is the one for the 1% : wall street , the too big to fail banks , the military industrial complex , the prison industrial complex , big oil , big pharma , i.e . the corporate fascist state hewordswordswordss so gingerly locking into place .
i'm deciding between :
14 . kai is good at dancing , he can dance ballet , jazz , hip hop , popping , locking dance as well .
1 jn 1:3-4 (phi) we repeat , we really saw and heard what we are now writing to you about . we want you to be with us in thiswordswordswordsin this fellowship with the father , and jesus christ his son . we write and tell you about it , so that our joy may be complete .
sennheiser ie7 review
i could sleep in a car ,
fifth , this verdict is unfair to the parents of all children , healthy or not , impaired or intact , handicapped or fully capable . it places a numeric value on one condition , determines it is a burden which deserves to be paid for . what about all the parents out there with babies born with conditions that could have been diagnosed , that should have been diagnosed ? what about children with conditions that aren't quite so distinguishable ? are they also therefore entitled to allege they would have aborted their children had they been given the option so that they may collect millions of dollars ?
it is quite frankly really incredible this revelation ! having come to understand why i feel that way and what set it off i was able to change my emotional imprint . it took a lot of pressure off my shoulders . i was able to be intimate with my partner this very day without any fears or worries which has been a real struggle for me the past months .
would i have noticed how the sun came through the wood fence by the driveway if i wasn't doing this exercise this month ?
so it's been at least five items since i last mentioned the middletons . . . .and issn't this dress so them ? yes , it's a little low and a little short for kate these days , but i feel strongly that if she were still a single gal about town , this would be a date night dress for her .
favorite late night tv host
since i live nearby such a feature i figured it would be wise to get out and see it , considering i didn't go at all last year .
this wonderful huffington post essay by holly robinson describes her 6th grade sonwordswordswordss misery in school . it sounds so much like my fifth grade sonwordswordswordss misery , it made me realize that maybe his wordswordswordsschool = lethal injection minus the yummy last mealwordswordswords attitude just may be generic . having been a girl all my life , i didnwordswordswordst realize boys could be so out of synch with the whole classroom thing . i thought everyone aspired to to teacherwordswordswordss pet-for-life .
a symbol of altruism
2 cups sugar
while burton provides us with enough offbeat humor to satisfy , the constant filtering in-and-out of supporting characters often times left me wanting more . thatwordswordswordss not to say you forget about the characters , but there are long periods of time where we go without seeing them .
his attorney , joan mcphee , issued a statement tuesday evening describing the charges as misguided and that she is confident mix will be exonerated .
dr . joseph gold , the director of the syracuse cancer research institute , discovered that the chemical hydrazine sulfate has many positive effects in cancer patients , including stopping weight loss , shrinking tumors , and increasing survival rates .
the crowd roared , " yes! "
let us note that all three men administered the quiz for themselves and made no effort to tell us exactly how they answered the questions . matt emphasizes that he answered them wordswordswordstotally honestlywordswordswords but provides no transparency . peter gives his answer to one question (while wringing his hands that such an answer would certainly mark him as more homophobic) but stops there . come on guys , show us how you answered each question and let us compare those answers with your well-established records .
this time it was a postcard from feargal while he was in toronto , massively delayed by volcanic ash !
now i'm thinking , if i want a narrower back piece , i should just cut 1/2 inch off the sides of either end , below the armscye . there's a bit about this in my singer book , the perfect fit . i'll explore this further later to today . i don't think darts are what i want . david coffin thinks that darts are " merely evidence of ill-cut side seams " (p . 21) hmm . . . .
in late january , i was on a business trip to east texas . if you have never been there , let me say that east texas is not , in general , an area of great economic diversity and wealth . far from it , in fact ; in many ways , that part of the country is one of the poorest i have ever encountered . as i was driving along a lonely stretch of road between dallas and my destination , i passed a sight that i will never forget . there was a trailer park by the side of the road . there were several sheriff's cars and a large tow truck with a flatbed , and it was clear that they were there to repossess a dilapidated mobile home . the family was crying , wailing really , as they sat on the dirt next to a small pile of their remaining possessions . there were many other families gathered around , all black , trying to console their neighbors , trying to reason with the repo man , and , i can assume , trying to figure out where they fit in to this heartbreaking situation . i was struck by this scene for many weeks afterward , trying to make some sense of what i had seen .
23 . go kayaking
daddy took on the job of removing the top of each can . using a file to sharpen them , they were so sharp they'd cut the pan .
shadow isn't very photogenic . in real life she's a beautiful , shiny , well-muscled , black cat with big expressive golden eyes and a cute smiling mouth . her coat is black with dark brown tones . she has a strong personality and fits well with jack . none of this comes across in her photos .
after leading the fight for state constitutional amendments against gay marriage , christian fundamentalists are now trying to make it harder to get divorced in virginia .
07 - beatin ' the odds 03:20
27 . mockingjay suzanne collins
seemed a little strange . i mean , he didn't appear to be in immediate distress . nothing a little benadryl couldn't handle , right ? but , not wanting to mess around with it , i grabbed his shoes and told him we were going on a car ride . and am i ever glad we went then . by the time we got to the hospital , about 10 minutes later , things had gotten pretty bad .
i cant even write anymore , no one is listening and i am tired of crying . time to go and try to save my life .
includes ac power adapter .
anyways , the story has a lot of romance , humor , and youwordswordswordsll just fall in love with ranwordswordswordss character .
wordswordswordsthatwordswordswordss not funny,i know hewordswordswordss dead , thatwordswordswordss why i called you . so you could see for yourself.wordswordswords jacobs looked like he was starting to unravel .
i surprised myself by watching another film directed by xavier dolan after feeling infuriated by the achingly hip and irritating i killed my mother last year . but in the hope that a follow-up might unearth something fresh i gave his second directorial outing a fair pop . iwordswordswordsm not sure which film i disliked more . i find it hard to care about the kind of self-regarding , smug people that populate both films . they were artfully dejected types who bored me senseless , with their transparent woes on lust , love and what was happening only directly at the within their privileged spheres . dolanwordswordswordss overly showy directorial tics could be explained by his neophyte position , perhaps , but i have a sneaking suspicion that he throws everything into the frame because anything less would reveal his bare-boned talents as all too empty . heartbeats contains some of my least liked types of filmmaking : affected , whiny and ponderous .
i jest , i moan and i guffaw in the mirror , but in truth it was fun , enlightening and painless . well , aside from the eye poking , back stabbing and hair pulling of course .
and starting today , the vida women in literary arts website is publishing , a day at a time , a tribute essay written by a female american poet . appropriately titled " 21 love poems to adrienne rich, " the feature will run through april 30 . today's essay is by adrienne su and is titled " what's in a name . " i can hardly wait to read all of them !
stickles gilitter - ' icicle/frosted lace '
05-secret world
david plays the shofar like a musical instrument . his concert includes traditional jewish songs such as kol nidre , hatikvah and draydl along with the classics , summertime and flight of the bumble bee . he even takes requests from the audience !
where he is terribly , terribly wrong however is in believing cold blooded premeditated murder , particularly of children , is the solution or is an act can ever be justified . only in the minds of the left wing can a massacre such as he committed ever be forgiven .
audit your time . overworked people often fail . disciple requires that you learn to say no , delegate or ignore certain requests otherwise interruptions prevail and derail your progress .
" what's for lunch" ,
so , how much more is going to come in than is going out , and is it a reasonable return on the effort of expanding into a whole new market ?
i have often heard indians talking disapprovingly of india in front of people from other countries . itwordswordswordss okay to discuss your concerns in a constructive manner but i am not a fan of washing my dirty linen in public , movies like slumdog millionaire are there to do that job for us . the point being , do not draw a negative portrait of your country on the minds of people who are solely trusting your opinion of your own country to form theirs . we can learn a little from this story i heard from my father when i was little , i asked him , why is japan so much more developed than we are ? he narrated this incident that a foreigner wrote in his memoir about japan :
submissions will be accepted as email attachments to : submit@goldenbaobab.org
2- recycle curbside as much as you can- save yourself the time in your car and gas usage- if you can leave it at the curb , do it .
and the cheezburger empire continues to expand . according to marc hustvedt over at tech site tubefilter , cheezburger network wordswordswords the meme factory behind sites such as the daily what , fail blog , and flagship i can has cheezburger wordswordswords has acquired know your meme , a web series which investigates various internet trends . (if this all sounds like a lot of cheez , check out this helpful explainer about the golden age of the internet meme.)
they are presented and judged by the writing community and regarded as the most important awards for uk music writers .
75 minutes spent in a windowless room with the lights dimmed inhaling the vapors and absorbing this combination of oils into the skin of my hands and forearms was enough to smooth the last 2 weeks worth of evil from my body . amazing , seriously . my self prescribed aromatherapy regimen to truly test the efficacy of the above results will be moisturizing my entire body with these oils after a hot shower in the days prior to the arrival of my monthly visit . this will allow the therapeutic properties of the oils to be better absorbed into my skin . and of course , make the time for a long overdue massage .
wordswordswordshewordswordswordsd been lying flat for 12 days so we called a nurse to move him into a more comfortable position . then he pulled out his feeding tube and asked for a bowl of ice cream.wordswordswords
first , i owe a lot of moral support to ian williams , a.k.a . graveyard parade . it was the aforementioned lengthy conversation with him that initially forced me to face this problem directly . also to his bride-to-be , the official bailey , my long-lost twin and the principle benefactor of the demonstrative affection that i discussed earlier . the two of you were powerful enough as individuals . it has been astounding in the most incredible way to see what the combining of such awesomeness can do . kudos .
we officially have a roller ! elaine has been able to roll back to tummy for awhile now , but these last few days she has started really rolling both ways . back to tummy and tummy to back !
and tuesdays are significant as well . especially this tuesday . because it proves i'm a writer , simply because i have habits established to help me lead the life of a writer .
to stir or not to stir is the next question . i am going to swirl the contents a couple of times but i can't see a good reason to do it everyday . 30 days is my target time for infusing the vodka . recipes say from 10 to 40 days . many are seriously adamant about 40 days , not a day longer or shorter . some recipes say add sugar syrup and drink and then some say 40 more days in the storage tank ! who is right or wrong ? maybe no one but i intend to find out for myself because i am totally intrigued with fresh fruit liqueurs .
this beer pours a very deep copper/amber hue with a small head that left spotty lacing on my glass . the smell on this beer is really surprising for a regular ipa , and the notes are very clear while pouring this beer . i get loads of fresh citrus fruit with grapefruit , oranges , passion fruit , and peaches dominating with just a touch of spice and pine in the background . it has quite a bit of punch for a regular ipa . the flavor profile is a bit more subdued with the caramel malt coming in upfront before making way to all those citrus flavors , but along with the other citrus fruits i noted in the nose i am also picking up some lemon zest on the palate . the mouthfeel is very crisp with medium carbonation , and i do not really detect much alcohol on the mouthfeel . this is one of the best balanced ipas that i've had the pleasure of drinking .
fill the pockets of peasants and come home
i watched the man sleeping peacefully on the bed . an exceptionally talented person with a good job and a heart of gold he had the dark side of him which was hidden from the world . a side which need to be brought to light and justice . seeing the couple walk down the street or talking to them could never reveal the horror that lay behind .
there are so many pictures to choose for my one picture-of-the-day .
4 . i'm incredibly resilient .
asking for trust and kroners ,
well , you certainly all seemed to enjoy the last sketch , we had so many people joining in again so thank you for continuing to support our challenge blog .
in plain sight - i didn't get into this show until well into it's third season and just watched the series finale this weekend . i love this little watched gem which only got better over time . it plays like a witness protection procedural but it's also jammed full of quirky , damaged characters who surprised me with their humanity each episode . to call mary mccormack's mary shannon , ' difficult ' is an incorrect use of the word . it's not strong enough . marshall shannon is as ' alpha male ' as a female can get . pairing such a sarcastic character with a meterosexual partner ( frederic weller as marshall mann) was often the source of great comic storytelling . i like that in all the interviews i have seen with mccormack that she varies little from the character she plays on tv .
my ipod(s)
all-in-all , it may have cost more than i would normally want to splurge on a meal ($110 each person plus $30 wine pairings) . but a steal for the caliber of chefs and dishes that was part of the experience - i would never have any glimmer of hope of tasting the genius of a urasawa creation otherwise ! definitely one of the best meals i've had in la - and to make it even better , it's all for a good cause !
2 pork tenderloins
true , ultimately all authority is derivative from god himself but i fail to see how this establishes a partite kingdom in a witness sense . god is a unique being , and only he is sovereign over all . only he is able to rule from heaven over all the earth . jesus is said to have davidwordswordswordss throne , a rulership which is terrestrial , earthly , though god-given . (luke 1:32-35)
sadly , the email was sent from one of those wordswordswordsno replywordswordswords addresses that so many firms seem to employ nowadays , or i would have broken the news to them , that too late , it had already happenedwordswordswordstwice ! in a sense now , iwordswordswordsm glad it didnt arrive , and that i just went with tsa advice instead !
finally found the 2009 offering of anchor's winter warmer . this is traditionally one of the smoothest , silkiest , most complex of the winter warmers . i know that sounds goofy , but this is always a great beer . different every year , it's always somewhat similar , and always great .
well , i believe i can get off my soap box for now . next week i will start on the act 2 planets . thank you for reading . i hope this series has been helpful , or at least entertaining .
salute the ones who died

wordswordswordsnick,wordswordswords he says with clarity and certainty , the certainty with which he can now pronounce the name wordswordswordsnickwordswordswords directly related to the clarity that it was actually nick who pooed . which is a total lie . if nick did poo , he didnwordswordswordst do it in our house . nick is our neighbor across the street , and our son has taken a fondness to him of late . what makes it funnier is how he says wordswordswordsnickwordswordswords out of the corner of his binky-filled mouth . picture jerry lewis with a cigar . wordswordswordsnick . nick pooed . yeah , nick.wordswordswords the lie just keeps getting funnier .
wordswordswordsyouwordswordswordsre worrying me , doc . my vision just kind of fuzzes out , thatwordswordswordss all . can't you just give me some drops or something ? wordswordswords
with that coordination improved , you will be on the road to total healing . when youwordswordswordsre healed , you can decide to cut down this exercise to just twice a week for six (6) months . then , move it down further to just once a week for the rest of your life . this is now more of a preventive medicine exercise , wordswordswordspara siguradowordswordswords as we say it in filipino .
what i found was that the lord in isaiah 43:10 ; 44:6,8 ; 45:18,21,22 ; and 46:9,10 (who said that he was the only god , and beside him there was none else) was the same lord in isaiah 48:16 who with his spirit , sent jesus . wordswordswordsand now the lord god , and his spirit , hath sent me.wordswordswords isaiah 48:16 .
needless to say , friends , the dream rattled me . it's played in my head at least twice this month , and each time , i've jolted awake with a feeling of panic . i've never blamed myself for my father's death . in fact , no one in my family has ever blamed themselves -- something i've always been so thankful for since playing the blame game is all too common when a loved one commits suicide . but each time i woke up , i felt the sting of those feelings . . .
geekyboy has hit the touchy twos . offered two choices , he wants neither of them . his usual response to any request is ' no' . this can be a challenging stage for an " anything for an easy life " parent like myself . want to stay in your pajamas all day , paint with your hands , eat playdough , drink bath water or wear your sister's sleeping beauty pull ups instead of your own diapers ? that is fine by me .
charles s . falkenberg , 45 , university park , md .
wordswordswordslove is when you have a place for someone in your heart.wordswordswords
thus far , ed reforms rock stars have dodged accountability . its the teachers , you see . those tests and core standards wewordswordswordsve invested in should have made everything better .
now on to the wings .
i also really liked how historical events were peppered through the diary but not fully explained . it wouldnwordswordswordst be normal for someone to go on and on about the back story of the donner party , but that event would certainly have made it into their diaries and affected some of the choices that they made . rest assured though , there is a lengthy historical note at the end where all of these mentioned historical events are more thoroughly explained .
i was a no-permanent-address kid . i was born in seria , brunei darussalam wordswordswords a peaceful , clean and undisturbed town in belait district . the municipal town center is set in grid that is bounded by jalan tengah and the seria arena to the north , jalan lorong satu barat to the east , jalan bolkiah to the south and jalan lorong tiga barat to the west . i could say living in this kind of place was the most tranquil phase of my life . the town had 0% crime rate during our time there .
in talking with other employers , we all agree : when we see young people coming in today to apply/interview for a job , our first impression is of the stereotypical generation y entitlement individual , and that means your interview starts off rocky and uphill .
anyway , it all got me to thinking that while evolution is completely ridiculous maybe we need to rename intelligent design so that kids could understand it better . maybe it should be called pretty intelligent design or b+ design . that would be a lot easier to understand and it would get my son to stop asking questions .
therewordswordswordss a lot of lively discussion of the riders and teams , from nedwordswordswordss perspective as a reporter and (sometimes) as a fan . his portrayal of the vacansoleil team , with their maverick , aggressive approach to the race , is tied into a vision of wordswordswordsrealwordswordswords vacansoleil holidays :
two days after the pension changes passed the legislature , the citywordswordswordss unions lined up to endorse mayor daley in his first re-election campaign . he would go on to serve as mayor for the next 20 years with firm support from organized laborwordswordswords
without wanting to .
chief among its concern , are four changes the to act , which bersih says will inevitably make the voting process less transparent .
today iwordswordswordsm participating in a mass blogging day ! wow ! women on writing has gathered a group of blogging buddies to write about special people we know and love . why ? wewordswordswordsre celebrating the release of joanne lewiswordswordswords and amy lewis fairclothwordswordswordss debut novel . wicked good (telemachus press , llc , 2011) is about the unconditional love between a mother and her adopted , special needs son and the adventure that brings them closer together . visit the muffin at http://muffin.wow-womenonwriting.com to read what joanne and amy have to share about their special people and view the list of all my blogging buddies . then be sure to visit http://www.amyandjoanne.com/ to learn more about the authors .
chaelura spoke to us about mass effect 3 , and her thoughts on how she did not like me1 , but loved me2
i love the cookie scoop and stone for my cookies!! ! anyway scoop cookies with medium cookie scoop and place about 12 on a pan . bake 10-13 min
no i donwordswordswordst
aren't you so excited ?
than all those 4711s
there , bob has his evidence . as i have said , if you are going to accuse a catholic priest of subterfuge and blatant dishonesty you should at least get your facts straight . the fact that bob dug his heels in over his blunder concerning the office held by fr . olivieri , instead of just forthrightly admitting he was wrong , is just another testament to his own lack of scholarly integrity .
and all i could think about was you coming home , putting you in bed next to me , and not letting go of you for at least two days .
wordswordswordsyou guys ! you guys ! oh my god . ray charles is dead!wordswordswords i said , gasping and flailing my arms .
and tomorrow has the potential to be a good some day .
thanks to everyone who joined in our last minute xmas makes challenge last week ! for details of winners and our top 3 please scroll down to the previous post !
tangled (2010) , written by dan fogelman and directed by nathan greno and bryan howard , is disney's 50th animated feature , and while the formulaic disney elements are ever-presentwordswordswordscute animal sidekicks , buffoonish comic relief , a central love storywordswordswordsthere's a refreshing sincerity that transcends the familiar outlines of this beautifully imagined world .
john ford's vision for " the quiet man " becomes another of his stories , when " america was right, " and ford keeps his secret for henry : america's " full of folks who'll never be american, " who will look at such depictions of america , and one day ireland , as mythic victories against apaches , commies , or " bad palefaces . " henry eventually drifts off , discontented , and " stepping out of time " he expresses himself in confused time segments , as doyle shuffles chronology around a few years here and there .
saiful concurred with najibwordswordswordss argument that a shadow cabinet is important to strengthen a two-party system in malaysia .
last year , we had an awesome , local artist named jimm showman donate a robot to our silent auction . iwordswordswordsm not sure how to describe a robot , but it was so incredible that people were fighting over it ! iwordswordswordsve never seen anything like it ! he constructs these robots to function if they have a part that operates : lights light up , back massagers vibrate , telephones ring ! he is on a similar crusade to raise awareness and is taking it upon himself to go without sleep for the next month while he constructs wordswordswords30 robots in 30 days.wordswordswords as a doctor , i told him hewordswordswordss crazywordswordswordswordswordswordsyou need sleep to function!wordswordswords , but as a friend i told him to not waste a second sleepingwordswordswordswordswordswordswe need the best 30 robots you can think up!wordswordswords as he proceeded to tell me that he hasnwordswordswordst slept in 2 weeks and hewordswordswordss been living on doritos and mountain dew , i knew the doctor message was out the door . he has taken requests for a couple of the robots ; therefore , there is one specifically for breast cancer (pictured) and the autism awareness robot (pictured) is already in its new home . all the proceeds from the robot sales will go to cockopalooza 2012 and soup of success (another great , local charity) . i encourage you to contact jimm through his facebook page invention51 to purchase a robot and check out www.cockopalooza.com if you just want to be a part of the festivities this year on september 29th ! the most fulfilling moments are those spent serving something greater than yourself .
in a few weeks it will be the time of the winter solstice . a solstice is a time when a given season generates the power of wordswordswordsredemption,wordswordswords a time when the earth , due to the extreme cosmic and astronomical events that are bombarding the planet at any given time . this bombardment can throw a season off balance . for example , it may be a bright , warm day outside , but the season is actually winter . the day is wordswordswordsout of season,wordswordswords you see . so whether you experience this kind of wordswordswordsout-of-placewordswordswords temperature and light , it would be good for you to remember the word wordswordswordsredemption.wordswordswords the lords of redemption , i.e . the lords of the four seasons , and the lord of winter will indeed re-create and bring the proper and natural energies about . this can be a long and difficult process , but sometimes it is not . the reason for this is that the imbalance that can be experienced , in our example , is causing the energies of the seasons (heat) must be stronger so that the energy of low heat can be transformed into what is normal to the season , in this case , winter . the biological part of all naturewordswordswordss form require four full and balanced seasons in order to live in harmony and accordance with the entities that are mother nature and father sky .
they've been a little slow in processing the cards lately - 48 business days is the current standard . that means sometime in mid-october for me . just in time to see the states !
as hannah ryan waits for her family to return home from a camping trip , she realizes she has everything going for herwordswordswordsa husband other women admire , two charming teenage daughters , and a loving christian home . as the sunny afternoon turns into twilight , her uneasiness grows along with the shadows . then a car pulls into hannahwordswordswordss driveway , bringing two police officers . ..and devastating news that shatters her life forever .
actually , though the fall was pretty bad and i did need a few weeks to heal , i am actually taking the opportunity to rest a different pain . i have been dealing with plantar fasciitis since last year . it has been nagging for quite some time , but it has started to get a bit worse recently . this month off has been good for it . i am still experiencing discomfort , but the majority of pain has definitely eased up . i definitely want to explore this some more since i have been either completely barefoot or wearing cheap , thin flip flops when shoes have been necessary . i think i am wearing wordswordswordstoo muchwordswordswords running shoe .
i already had a dollar store basket that was $1.00 . ..so , i decided it would be a perfect way to package the gift . no taping , or gift wrap needed . ..yay !
1 : tuning 2:06
for years strange tales of a monster living on a remote indonesian island circulated throughout the east indies . official interest was sparked in the early 1910s by stories from dutch sailors . the creature was allegedly a " dragon " which inhabited a small island in the lesser sunda islands . the fire breathing creature was reported to be seven meters long .
denise took the dress from her mother smiling the slightest , trying to hide it from gracie who seen and slipped out the door so she could try it on .
in a blender add the flesh of avocados , wordswords cup cold milk and grind it well . add 1-2 tbsp of simple syrup and mix well .
this was one strange movie . i thought it was a remake of bad lieutenant , the abel ferrara movie starring harvey keitel but after watching it iwordswordswordsm not sure . anyway nicolas cage portrays a rather corrupt cop in new orleans and the movie is directed by none other than werner herzog . why a genius like herzog would take on a project like this i donwordswordswordst know . the result is a rather average thriller/crime movie . or perhaps itwordswordswordss a drama . iwordswordswordsm not sure .
it lulls a bit in the third act , so to speak . the death of phil davies more or less made me want to put the book down and be down with it . not all of the characters are winners , either . of particular disappointment to me were the hero and heroine of the book . john chandagnac , who becomes the pirate jack shandy , is a french puppeteer heading to the caribbean to confront the uncle who stole his birthright . a nice enough back story , but the execution of the character is lackluster and he seems like just another wooden hero , not unlike the marionettes he uses in his trade . even his use of his puppeteer skills and his rise to a position of leadership and heroic piracy are too pedestrian for what is an otherwise astounding setting . his revenge quest , which shifts to become a lover's quest , has perhaps the most uninteresting ending i've read in a long , long time . this is a shame , since had powers not set up such a great story idea so rich with fantasy it would have been a great ending .
where this change does not ripple back through time and alter the setting , the nature of the present at least is new . characters and units arriving to do battle , raid or steal will find their hearts suddenly and inexplicably elsewhere , in greater happiness to enjoy .
here are the 3 simple steps we took :
without any sight
this is great as an appetizer as the vinegar really increases your appetite . not to say vinegar is good for us too . it said to control high blood pressure , improving digestive system , reduce urinary tract infections and diseases , strengthening bone , etc . you can do a search on the web to read more benefits of vinegar . with this pickle , i finally found a delicious way to have a little vinegar everyday . not to say cucumber , radish and carrot are good for us too . but got to warm you though , this has quite a lot of sugar in it , so if you are watching your sugar intake , be aware . also , eat in moderation , a little bit in a day , not the whole thing in a day no matter how tempting it is .
the fourth ; he broke into a roar ;
plus i hate how his name spelled out in either all caps or all lowercase resembles initials .
we also listened to a rich woman's lawyer talk about saving her property from one such intrusive road-project , by installing a " modern roundabout, " and we then watched a little video about the roundabouts , which keep traffic moving and save energy and so on . gpats board member jim burns immediately said it was a good idea . . . and by my calculations (noting the map where this rich woman's property is) , i figured out that burns is her county council representative , so he knows which side his bread is buttered on , as my grandmother used to say .
practically all of our sellers take paypal as their main form of payment , which means you can shop safely .
in an interview with abc newswordswordswords robin roberts , the president described his thought process as an wordswordswordsevolutionwordswordswords that led him to this place , based on conversations with his own staff members , openly gay and lesbian service members , and conversations with his wife and own daughters .
replying to your letter of the 8th inst . in regard to the location of the intake pipe for the water supply at your post i would suggest that you consult lieut . col . alexander m . miller of the engineer corps , whose office is at 2728 penna . ave . , washington , d.c . col miller has been engaged for some years in the practical study of the water supply of the city of washington , he is no doubt familiar with the points at which sewage and factory refuse are poured into the potomac , and could give an expert opinion as to the points from which water could be taken with the least danger of sewage contamination during unusual conditions of flood in the river .
5) going out in the rain and bouncing my tennis balls in the puddles .
the arrowcar- it sucked , people hated it , it went away .
continuing in luke 12 the parable of the faithful steward . yesterday we discussed being watchful to the end and this parable peter ask jesus do you speak this parable only to us or to all people ?
suggestions of what can be in the catechist training :
what did you find out ? hopefully nothing terrible . . .
here it goes :
please click on the picture to download them if you would like . i don't know if i like the " think about it " choice yet . i wanted to do " take 5 " but then the clip art would have been the same for parent contact . ocd coming out in me wouldn't allow it . please help with suggestions !
see , there are other options out there . just put yourself out there . follow the super bowl champs ,
and a cheque for a published poem
wordswordswordsthatwordswordswordsll last for the rest of your life . what painkillers do you want ? wordswordswords
officer : what kind of irresponsible , horrible , unfit mother kicks their child out of the house because of something as ridiculous as his refusal to do jobs ? you should be ashamed . . . i will be taking these children with me now . . .
the household charge is an annual charge introduced by the local government which is payable by owners of residential property . the eu/imf programme of financial support for ireland commits the government to the introduction of a property tax for 2012 . we are one of the last countries in europe that does not fund local services through local property-based charges.these include : fire and emergency services ; maintenance and cleaning of streets ; planning and development ; public parks ; street lighting ; libraries ; open spaces and leisure amenities . a property tax , requiring a comprehensive property valuation system , would take time to introduce and accordingly , to meet the requirements in the eu/imf programme , the government has decided to introduce a household charge in 2012 .
mix the sugar with the cinnamon and roll the doughnuts while they are warm in this mixture . you can also fill the doughnuts with your favorite jam .
original air date : oct 27 , 2011
(see larger image) . the astound has three fully customizable homescreens , giving you quick access to e-mail as well as the ability to check the latest from facebook anwordswordswords read more >>
munich (dk)
but of course , being a tuesday night and with an out-of-town guest , we went to the western gate of chaoyang park to suzie wongwordswordswordss , then to block 8 and the last stop of the night , tang club .
rory staunton , a beautiful boy , leaves this earth . the hardest column i will ever have to write
itwordswordswordss very good news that you are not your brain , because when mind finds its true power , the result is healing , inspiration , insight , self-awareness , discovery , curiosity , and quantum leaps in personal growth . the brain is totally incapable of such things . after all , if it is a hard-wired machine , there is no room for sudden leaps and renewed inspiration . the machine simply does what it does . a depressed brain can no more heal itself than a car can suddenly decide to fly . right now the golden age of brain research is brilliantly decoding neural circuitry , and thanks to neuroplasticity , we know that the brainwordswordswordss neural pathways can be changed . the marvels of brain activity grow more astonishing every day . yet in our astonishment it would be a grave mistake , and a disservice to our humanity , to forget that the real glory of human existence is the mind , not the brain that serves it .
i should be imagining about dragon punches some morewordswordswordsor better yetwordswordswordsmummy dancing .
the tactics and equipment required in any campaign are to some extent dictated by the methods of the enemy . general jackson (p42) explained that the taliban had moved from direct fighting to the use of improvised explosive devices (ieds) which had changed the need for equipment :
as my life has taken a steep turn , i needed to use all my time and energy here with my kids and family .
wordswordswordsi then asked what considerations determined her attitude to pictures in general , and she relied with equal sincerity that they were , of course , considerations of aesthetic quality wordswordswords wordswordswordscomposition , colour , harmony , power , what have you.wordswordswords she honestly believed to be guided by purely aesthetic value-judgements based on those qualities ; but if that was the case , since the qualities of the picture had not changed , how could her attitude to it have changed ? wordswordswords
i'm not yet sure if i'll continue to blog here , or just merge this blog into my existing personal blog , or maybe even just spend more time doing rather than writing about what i've done .
obligatory : always , unless you have properly thanked the individual in person .
have a great weekend
we have been programmed to believe we need to love others . not so . actually quite impossible if you are not fully , completely loving yourself .
a good polarizer may be the most important filter you buy , and is usually the first . itwordswordswordss important for two reasons :
savvy verse and wit is host of a poetry blog tour in honor of national poetry month 2012 . i'll be making the tour in april , visiting the host bloggers who will have a post up during the month on poetry , poets , etc . click on her link to visit during the month .
we encourage you all to play along , and to enter your card in the weekly draw for a $15 gift voucher to the mft boutique . simply follow the sketch and create a card or other paper creation . you may use any stamps and supplies that you wish . each week , a keyword is assigned to the sketch . all you need to do to enter , is upload your card to the gallery at scs , and enter the given keyword in the keyword box , during the upload process . after the deadline , we randomly choose a winner from that week's entries and the winner will receive a $15 gift voucher . if the winning card uses mft stamps , the participant will earn a $5 bonus , for a total of a $20 gift voucher ! that is up to $100 per month in prizes , just for playing along !
the aliens did not speak like humans . but they had mastered their own form of telepathic communication through which they were able to communicate . they began to send images into his head . they were a merciful race and were willing to spare the humans . however they were curious about the human race and wanted to subject them to some tests and study them . the test would consist of a series of twelve challenges to test the intelligence , ingenuity and resilience of the human race . if he successfully cleared all the hurdles , it meant humans had potential to hold their own among the advanced races of the universe . the aliens would depart in peace . if he failed , the human race was doomed .
although the sheriff has received numerous death threats in the past , they believe this threat is credible because of its timing .
with new developments being made daily , paying attention to the trends is going to be crucial during this wordswordswordsgilded agewordswordswords for mobile marketing . technology is on the rise for great things , generating devices that are allowing marketing to be more direct and personal than ever before . your brand has a lot to gain from joining the mobile movement and implementing some of the trends mentioned above . as for the bigger picture , we can all take a hint from generation c wordswordswords the future of our industry wordswordswords and get connected now .
in stoke , where bnp council representation was so strong , that a bnp mayor was on the cards , the ruling marxists changed their rules to deny this .
in order to respond to that range of possibilities , homescale windpower units need to find their way back into the conversation of our time and , more importantly , up above the rooftops of homes across the modern world . professionally manufactured wind turbines of the right scale are a good start , and those green wizards in training who have the money and lack the fairly modest technical skills to build their own could do worse than to buy and install one . still , therewordswordswordss also a huge role here for the homebuilt turbine , and for those individuals whose willingness to get to work shaping turbine blades and bolting together octet truss towers might , as things unfold , lead to a future career .
i felt like such a bad mom ! i totally let her go a few months at school not being able to see ! doh !
subsequent draws can easily be added manually after your purchase .
there were so many things that i didnwordswordswordst notice before we purchased this house (it actually kind of blows my mind because iwordswordswordsm the person at the mall who goes back to the store three times before actually buying a shirt , let alone a house that apparently i noticed nothing about) . so far there have been no unsavory surprises , just little upgrades that the seller made that mike and i would have been too cheap to make : like really fancy curtain rods and vent covers .
like those of the ones before them
first , americans are nearly twice as likely to say the united states should put greater emphasis on the development of alternative energy supplies such as wind and solar power (59%) as to say the u.s . should emphasize production of more oil , gas , and coal supplies (34%) . this is the case even though republicans are more likely to favor production of traditional energy sources over alternative energy .
step 5 is sure to work , but it does have concequences . in fact , he is sure to be upset that you woke him over snoring , because he is 100 percent sure he doesn't snore .
point of death . thatwordswordswordss some hardcore faithfulness .
jodi meadows had an interesting writing style . it held a lot of promise mostly because it read more like a well polished first draft than the work of several years (or however long) . still , there were diamonds hidden amongst the rough .
i ran .
i caught up with guitarist/vocals man alex maas who suffered from a hernia on their previous tour , resulting in a few canceled shows including louisville . now in full health , alex took some time with me to reflect on visual songwriting , black metal and describing the unknown .
06 thatcher's fortress
ancestors will be called on to haunt the alleged murderer of johannes mtshumane mogale , executive director of policing ndumiso jaca said at the memorial service in pretoria on thursday .
i had my first coca tea here in lima and passed on the coca beer which i briefly glanced at while passing through the open market . i think this was only a novelty item . the coca tea is said to help with the high altitude and since i wasnwordswordswordst taking the high altitude medicine , i decided to drink this throughout the day . i enjoyed the taste and it definitely gave me a boost of energy comparable to drinking a cup of coffee .
gillian has always come out foraging with us . when she was small , we had her in the hiking backpack . now she is seven years old and while she may sometimes be cranky about walking , she still comes with us every time . she can identify many wild edibles with confidence , and has several favorites like wintergreen leaves , dandelion flowers , lemony wood sorrel , cattail shoots , and every berry available . for five years now , we have taken tours with wildman steve brill , and his daughter violet often accompanies him . she is just a little bit older than gillian , and that girl really knows her stuff ! wildman is working on a foraging book aimed at parents and kids , possibly an app too .
(gardenhistorygirl detects a bit of suspicion of the nefarious park department there) , and her photography was part and parcel :
one thing you need to know about me is that i'm a pretty even-keel bird . i don't get excited very much because i don't have much going on that is excitement worthy . there are a lot of things i look forward to , though . so does that mean that i'm officially transporting into an old fuddy-duddy ? say it isn't so !
and confess
i lightly spread frosted lace stickles over the image , inked the edges and popped up the image with 3d foam squares . to finish , i added a few pearls .
* hilda solis : husband has 16 years of tax liens against his business
crwordswordsme caramel is my childhood memory wordswordswords my mummy jennywordswordswordss favourite dessert , one which i grew up eating and never got sick of . however , she never got around to perfecting this at home simply because there is so much that can go wrong with the tedious custard-making process . and so i dedicate this post to my beautiful mother , whom i dearly love to bits . and if youwordswordswordsre wondering why i chose to publish it on the 3rd of may , itwordswordswordss because itwordswordswordss my dearest motherwordswordswordss birthday today ! happy birthday my dearest ma ! :)
but after looking at it , i decided that i didn't like the drawers in that spot , so i took them all out again and started over . i put two stacks of three drawers side by side on the floor of the closet once i realized that doing so wouldn't hinder the hanging stuff at all . that left a small square-ish area in the back left corner . i took a chance and tried the stack of two drawers that came from our bedroom to see if they would fit and they did .
how often have you heard of a church splitting or dying because they worshiped too much ? even every day . even in lots of wayswordswordswordslike with art , meditation , interacting with the poor (and not just the ones in africa . .but the ones who sleep on the steps of the church at night)wordswordswordsjust to name three .
other than that , the project pretty much proceeded as planned . it was hard to get everything i needed without attracting attention , but i figured it would all be over soon , and there wouldnwordswordswordst be a thing ca could do about it .
it may not always be the most comfortable time to be planting anything in your landscape , but it is a great time for the plants . trees and shrubs are completely dormant now , so the concept of transplant shock does not apply . however , you do need to treat any new plantings the same now as you would if it were the middle of summer . new plantings need to be thoroughly watered in regardless of the weather conditions . if it is below freezing but the ground is not frozen , go ahead and plant , taking care to backfill the hole with as loose a soil mix as you can . as soon as the temperatures are back , above freezing go back to your new plantings and water them in . if you have spring bulbs that you have not planted in the ground yet , you need to make that a priority . a little bone or blood meal placed over the planting areas will help keep the squirrels away from your bulbs . they are also great additives for your bulbs .
cranberry saison (new belgium) .
the world sayswordswordswords be sure you grab all you believe should be coming to you .
i started to feel lots of pressure in my bum . i remember thinking wordswordswordsno ! that canwordswordswordst possibly be what i think it is . iwordswordswordsm no way near pushing a baby out!wordswordswords then all of a sudden , no pushing , there was a head . i was on my hands and knees and all of a sudden this head popped out ! i screamed at steven wordswordswordshead!wordswordswords
dead ringers
it was four in the afternoon . i called . the phone rang . it rang again . here comes voice mail andwordswordswords wordswordswordshey there ! long time no hear ! how was your thanksgiving ? wordswordswords i hadnwordswordswordst counted on his phone being synced with his acura . it never occurred that he could answer while driving . (i later learned that my name also displays on his dashboard when i callwordswordswordsgeeze.) it was too late to turn back now . i was committed to the invite .
which is fine . i'm not criticising the americans , because they do , or try and do , what is best for them . which is what every country should do as a priority above everything else .
healthy people also experience difficulty breathing when exposed to ozone pollution . . . . millions of americans live in areas where the national ozone health standards are exceeded .
3 . put the oreo crumbs , melted butter , and salt in another small bowl and stir with a fork just until crumbs are moistened . press the crumbs evenly over the bottom and up the sides of the spring form pan (they should go up about 2 inches on the sides) . freeze the crust for 10 minutes .
length : 2 miles/1wordswords hours , but allow plenty of time for exploring
jesus was claimed to stand on the mountain with elijah and moses . these would be the three figures which had the most miracles surrounding them in the bible . moses , representing the law and elijah , the prophets . in luke jesus spoke to moses of jesus departure( in greek exodus ) .
everyone looks around and sees houses like this . they pass unremarked now . after a while , if it doesn't look like this , people are going to think a house looks strange . and it's wrong , wrong , wrong . the situations where a house nailed on the ass end of a garage are appropriate are so few there's no use talking about them . never do this .
why am i telling you this ? because the way my friend must've felt when she was warning me against keith ? that's how i feel about warning america about this hypocritical douche bag :
jim said . . .
pu-2 is a gradational purple quad that leans slightly warm-tones on me , which is works great one me . the eye color select range is also perhaps lavshucawordswordswordss most sparkly range , especially the top right shade .
according to ms . paunovic , the dogs are collected from the homeowners and apparently killed . the house owner himself is said to have told her over this . an unbearable stench in the area of the house can anticipate the worst . neither local government nor the veterinary inspection will take care of business .
i got two of these suckers . i'm not really a fan of these types of cards , i'd rather have the ' future stars ' rookie card than this type of insert . still cant say nothing bad about the design , both cards look pretty sharp . odds - 1:4
for many years i sweared up and down that iwordswordswordsd one day visit pigeon keywordswordswords well , that was this day and it was so worth it ! located 2.1 miles down the old 7-mile bridge , these days itwordswordswordss only accessible by foot traffic , bicycles or boat . the old 7-mile bridge has been closed to automobiles since 1982 and recent years closed to the tourist tram after cars .
that old habit of only showing how tough he was had asserted itself before he could stop it .
a mother of three was allegedly raped wordswordswordsrepeatedlywordswordswords by two uniformed policemen in the early hours of sunday morning in kempton park , gauteng .
i like to talk a big game . i try to portray myself as a super mom who doesn't take any flack from her three and a half year old , but it's time for me to come clean . it is with great disappointment that i admit to you today that i'm not as awesome as you thought . i'll pause briefly while you catch your breath .
some cookbooks offer a scrumptious meal on the cover to entice the reader . ballantine books made a great choice with a different image to draw the wannabe cook in . seriously , what could be better than the deen brothers making a delicious dish as a way to get a cookbook noticed ?
pre-oma audit
wordswordswordsnow consumers association of penang chairman sm mohamed idris wordswordswords i know him personally wordswordswords blew his top when guan eng called him an old man . should i call him idris mamak then ? wordswordswords he asked .
whilst , the league wonwordswordswordst be won mathematically on monday , but a victory for either side will generate huge psychological win over the other . united do have a slight advantage , a draw will keep them three points ahead of their neighbors with just two games left to play .
time after time (featuring steve balsamo)- cyndi lauper- this is a simply stunning duet with steve balsamo . their voices blend beautifully . louise demonstrates here that shewordswordswordss not just about belting out the notes (even though itwordswordswordss something shewordswordswordss very good at!) . stevewordswordswordss voice sounds amazing . iwordswordswordsm really impressed with the arrangement and the performance . just brilliant !
i am still fighting . ..fighting with faith as my weapon . ..(you should too)
sound checks wordswordswords a before the show , getting there , loading in , setting up , check list .
jewish city of jerusalem in 70 ad and you will experience what josephus
iwordswordswordsm a wreck because
faint moaning reached him from a tortured field ;
before notia could make another grab for the conversation , pevan said , " what did you see ? "
i liked that idea , but not the price , right now ,
i didn't count on becoming a homeschool parent . homeschooling has been wonderful and i wouldn't change it . i don't have plans to stop homeschooling , though you never know what is around the corner . but certainly homeschooling for me meant that my idea of going back to school went on the back burner . especially since my girls are very close in age - having very young children all together means lots of parent time . over the years i've toyed with various schemes and plans for going back to school , but for one reason or another (all valid reasons i think) i didn't follow through .
everything in front of you is yours
peace to all ,
welcome to the glee club wordswordswords surely the most enjoyable part of any liberal democrat conference ? after all , it is much more fun than the leaderwordswordswordss speech , though we did all roar the year that charles kennedy said wordswordswordsi wonwordswordswordst let you down.wordswordswords
camp was awesome that night . i had a shower , no not warm , not even close , but i didnwordswordswordst care . and best of all , after 3 days of hiking , we had cake with dinner and i had a beer and a ciggie . omg . life had never been better . about 40 kilmometres and 3 days of walking at a constant incline , no shower , no clean toilets , hardly a thing to eat , a constant inner voice filling my head with self doubt , and a feeling that i could follow through at any given time had all been worth that one beer and cigarette with my friends . god , life was good . and we only had one sleep to gowordswordswords
with apologies to the late , great western writer , elmer kelton , for using the title from his novel for this post : the time it never rained . but i think elmer would agree , itwordswordswordss that time again .
i was on a track to be the big artist ! i took a private class from the chairmen of the department . he had been the president of kansas city art institute . he had me on a plan to go to france , and hang out in galleries and museums locally , draw everyday . .a whole program for fame . he gave the seniors their own studio's . .it was a high and heady time . i had a big station wagon to carry my 5 by 4 foot paintings . . .
mom threw me a withering look that said i had just given her another big problem for the day among many others she and dad had to contend with raising so many kids with so little money . it was actually soothing because i knew right then i wouldnwordswordswordst die . she sent my father with me to the store while she stayed home with the wordswordswordslittle oneswordswordswords as my younger brothers and sisters were known .
14and jattir with its grass-lands , and eshtemoa with its grass-lands ;
are you drinking tonight or am i ? (i have very strict rules for designated driver status)
whatever the reason , i predicted hewordswordswordsd be back online before too long . he stayed away for longer than i thought he would wordswordswords for h3 , six months is almost an eternity .
only cry and yell , insist it's not right . the
he can stop her from leaving the country with a court order . he can take another wife without her permission if he has a court order . (by the by , do you know how easy it is to get a court order in america ? pretty damn easy.)
theywordswordswordsll receive him as they would the president . in the same way , youwordswordswordsre in the
all this in the name of fiscal responsibility , but :
my next chapter is about my children when they were small . i remember one incident when god was watching over us . we decided to take a walk one day , a very long walk , you can read about the details in my book , journey to a better land , it was a very hot august day and my children were little . i remember how thirsty they were and i forgot to bring water with me . we still had a very long way to go before reaching our destination and i knew that this thirst problem with my boys could turn out disastrous . you know what i mean if you ever had little ones thinking they are in a bad situation:) .
this article by middle east consultant peter eyre discusses the problem also points out the dangers to the rest of the world posed by the use of this type of munition , in the form of airborne radioactive particles in the depleted uranium gas and dust that is widely circulated and transported in many directions around the globe .
while we were examining cheap wired land line phones , a woman in her fifties came into the store in some distress . it took a while to make sense of her ravings , but eventually we realized that she had seen a chipmunk in our truck . puzzled , my wife and i followed her outside , where she pointed at a chipmunkwordswordswordss head . actually , it was under the truck with its head pointing out through the grill under the hood . indeed it looked very cute . it was obvious to us that one of the many chipmunks on our property on our five acres in the woods had crawled up into the engine and hitched a ride into town .
i had submitted that piece to dengeki prior to applying for the sneaker grand prize . since that process wasnwordswordswordst put into a selection screening , the editor from dengeki read it by chance and was pleased . i received a notice saying wordswordswordswe donwordswordswordst need to see another sample of your writing.wordswordswords so i started writing something suitable to be published after my debut in dengeki bunko . almost immediately after that , i was told the result of the sneaker grand prize . it had been about half a year since i submitted that entrywordswordswords i completely forgot all about it . please forgive me ! (laughs)
e . the cession by mexico of an enormous amoount of land to the us . 416
wordswordswordswhy should we be ruled over by families descended from robber barons , bandits and illegitimate heirs ?
for whose sake , hence-forth , all his vowes be such ,
- bill murray and gopher puppets are all that is needed for an 11-year-old boy to laugh and enjoy an adult comedy
this salad is ideal for summer , since thatwordswordswordss when many of the ingredients are in season . i like it for a friday or saturday night dinner or even a special sunday brunch . it will impress your guests and itwordswordswordss so easy to put together .
last weekwordswordswordss discussion of daniel framptonwordswordswordss book filmosophy , as well as the brief mention of object ontology , had me thinking about artists outside the medium of film using metaphors of the mind . in his book , frampton traces a rich history of writers considering film as analogous to the operations of the mind , be it as a record and reproduction of perception or as a representation of mental states . the most difficult proposal to swallow in framptonwordswordswordss text is his insistence of filmwordswordswordss autonomy . he writes , wordswordswordsfor a wordswordswordsfilm-beingwordswordswords , filmosophy wishes to place the origin of film-thinking wordswordswordsinwordswordswords the film itself . there is no wordswordswordsexternalwordswordswords force , no mystical being or invisible other . it is the film that is steering its own (dis)coursewordswordswords (frampton 73) .
her figure was actually a little boyish , but add to that her extreme femininity and , in my view , audrey hepburn was the perfect package of imperfections .
bottoms up , ejaculators !
3and the children of israel out of their heritage gave to the levites these towns with their grass-lands , by the order of the lord .
this was not a national disaster but a disaster for the 29 workers who died in the mine explosion on november 19 , 2010 , and their families . pm keywordswordswordss class of banksters and profiteers are facing a financial hit but hardly a disaster . they are using the same approach to the failure of this mine as the failure of south canterbury finance . inside traders get paid in full by the state for investing in a state bailout . the banksters get away with murder while posing as national leaders in national disasters . there is only one national disaster and thatwordswordswordss the nact frontier capitalist neo-colonial lackey regime that serves the interests of australian , us and chinese imperialism !
these fears are usually connected with those that have greed and are terrified that they will miss out on something better if they commit to what is in front of them . these people are constantly searching and never satisfied . self-destruction also plays into these fears as the illusion of ultimate freedom . bids for power with these obstacles running the show are based on a false sense of power and mostly reactive rather than proactive . any commitment possible behind these bids is tarnished by the ego and false personality and usually unsuccessful in the long run as it is not based in truth . if you are one of these people it is important that your bid for power and commitment has to do with something that truly has value for you internally and emotionally , and gives meaning to your life . look to your relationships and to that which supports you unconditionally .
more pictures . less text . (wordswordswordsmore taste , less fillingwordswordswords) one vote .
one for speaker boehner , one for senator brown ,
this is where my smaller leaf color studies yesterday are important . i know that i'll be coloring each leaf using the yg03 family and g21/g28 . becasue the g21 and g28 are going to be used on both leaves in front and leaves in back then it's ok if i don't use the yg03 both in front and back , since the other colors will tie in the background leaves .
wordswordswordswow ! your mother is a very charming woman.wordswordswords
mayhem milwaikee metalfest , milwaukee , wi usa (28-07-2000)
barbeque grills can range from extremely cheap to very expensive depending on the type and features available on it .
dispel the clouds on that endless horizon
but the lack of sleep and the ding of the timer
one thing i remember most about peggy is that when one of her girlfriends would call her , she would say , wordswordswordsiwordswordswordsd be happy to come over , if you donwordswordswordst mind me bringing marilynwordswordswordss kids.wordswordswords she might have complained that this babysitting gig was keeping her from having a life of her own , or she might have just left and abandoned us to our own devices . but she found ways to include us , even in her girlfriend times .
holding the resolution of the message
our broker and his family hosted a wonderful brunch at his home for all of us this morning . we gathered in their beautiful home and prayed together , sang a christmas carol around the long table and enjoyed the most fabulous food ! as we hugged one another before leaving , my heart swelled with emotion . this is one of the most enjoyable parts of christmas - the time spent with friends , pausing to be with one another , fully focused on the joy to be found in the friendship . each of us was given a beautiful led ornament to take home for our tree - it constantly changes color - just so cute! ! !
poehler : yes . . .
of course , the conference isn't the first time these students were fed such a heavy dose of racism .
i actually have to change my name ? but i like my name just fine . it's my name . it's part of who i am . it's my family . it's me . i felt like a bit of myself would simply vanish along with the word used to identify me for 27 years .
we almost forgot that april is confederate history month , a glorious month in which certain southern states of the union celebrate that one time 160 years ago when they decided not to be american anymore rather than stop owning black people . itwordswordswordss like sticking your genitals in a bear trap , having the ripped from your body , and then throwing a party every year proclaiming that youwordswordswordsre going to get new genitals some day and when you do theywordswordswordsre going to right back in that bear trap to show it whatwordswordswordss what . to us fast-talking yankee bastards , it reminds us to mock the south .
and being it is february , you can use the coupon code feb10 to save 10% off your entire purchase in the chomas creations store !
that's not who we are .
chris hardwick wordswordswords bones
wordswordswordsmy daughter had a scheduled caesarean section , so i requested some time off,wordswordswords remembers coney . wordswordswordsmy managers worked with me so i could spend about a week with my grandbaby . both mother and infant are doing well.wordswordswords
is a much larger leader of men .
victoria justice , cody simpson , madison pettis and more were all on hand to celebrate ashleywordswordswordss big day . ashley looks so pretty ! everyone looks really good and it looks like they all had a great time !
clerks ii (2006)
candied pecans
now i was in the ho-hum category actually . writing 50,000 words in a month was to me no challenge and in fact i started the competition a week late and finished with 60 000 thousand words but it was really fun (thanks in a large part to the spontaneous group that sprung up on g+ of other nanowrimo participants) and i did write a novel (at 61 000 total finished word count after edit iwordswordswordsm going to say novel and not novella wordswordswords google the difference)
divinity carried her in its arms
fire opal has a fantastic selection of new american handmade pieces wordswordswords fresh , funky and fun clothing , accessories , jewelry and home decor to celebrate spring .
so diamond harry (my dads name was harry) was probably not a wise bet for the cheltenham gold cup . (ok , it definitely wasn't , i think it is still running) stupid horse .
in ancient greek times in dying a person might be strewn into the sky as starswordswordswords to become a constellation . cassiopeia ; the pleiades ; gemini . invisible by day , hidden in the sunlight . at night , brightly visible . i believe john was scattered into the sky as stars wordswordswords and if you look tonight perhaps you can pick out a new constellation in the never ending tapestry of stars .
i used dies from magnolia (tag) , and a die and film strip from tim holtz .
your shepherd's rod and staff protect me .
i wonder if wewordswordswordsll still be theeing and thouing in two hundred years time ? smart moneywordswordswordss on yes .
my message
we are finished with the tour , and i have spent too much time on it . i know folks are always patient and forgiving when i have typos or other mistakes in my posts , plus , i am having trouble staying awake , to i am going to publish this and hope for the best .
larry , i hate to say this , but youwordswordswordsre an idiot .
because you love your children .
here i get an apa or ipa out of an english pale ale . i dry hop it with 1/2 ounce of summit . any of the orange profile is from those hops . this is my second batch to use up the other 1/2 ounce of summit and because the first batch tasted so good .
so what can be done ?
instead , iwordswordswordsd demonize prosperity itself , so that they will not miss what they will never have .
at this point , we were ready to roll with our actual dinner recipe .
as they hesitated on the threshold , casting long shadows , i hurried forward to greet them . at once i sensed something different about them . the girl was a gazelle , slender , small-boned , with large , dark eyes , and considerably shorter than her companion . she did all the speaking , accompanying her words with graceful gestures and appearing to anticipate perfectly his wishes . the boy was darker , his skin the colour of shadows cast on sand . he reminded me of an arab nobleman , tall , with thin limbs and black hair , with something in his erect carriage that suggested otherworldliness .
hi dawn , have you ever tried water arobics ? it's really fun and easy on your bones and muscles . also makes you sleep really well after . my girlfriend and i would meet in the evenigs . that worked for a week or two then we would meet and skip on over to the bar for munchies . - kristine in michigan .
for more infos about this film see my lederhosen blog .
charlie turned to the rumbling machine . he removed five bolts and took off a plate which revealed the inner workings of the machine . the hot breath of the machine blasted his face as he leaned close . its conveyor belt was still , its gears and axles paused in the very act of turning out a tiger , the last of which was only half-formed and protruded from a dark tube , unpainted and without fine detail . here was the tiger that had stopped it . if he removed it , perhaps the machine would start up again . but that would not solve the problem of incorrect tigers .
what experience are you creating ?
we only found the one , and due to heavy hail we gave up , soaking wet and headed for the town , fresh hot chips , tasty tub of curry , hot cocoa for me , squash for the girls and then it was home , via the pet shop and towards morrisonwordswordswordss to meet daddy .
i used claire shaeffer's technique explained in couture sewing technique (page 91) to make this test hand buttonhole .
tomato seeds growing fast .
julian and the united states supreme court
of course , since we have two doors , i had to make two wreaths . i made them both with the same items , just configured them slightly differently so they wouldnwordswordswordst be identical .
melanie tipton is the creator , executive producer & cast member of the politically incorrect chattanoogaville television show thatwordswordswordss about politics and sports . melanie tipton graduated from carson newman with a b.a . degree in communications . melanie tipton is a former softball player at carson newman . melanie tipton is a first place associated press award winning sports broadcaster with several years of television experience and she lives and breathes politics .
published : 2nd february 2006
on tuesday evening (a day after our report about the missing figures) , abc staff posted an updated copy of the 2011 report , now including the starwordswordswordss figures . margaret said she had told the staff on tuesday to do so , in her capacity as head of the audit committee .
for the first time in weeks , i went down to my basement studio to fool around with pen , paper , pencils , and watercolors . i was determined to get over whatever was keeping me out of the studio basement , but admit that i did the drawing up in the kitchen while dh was making dinner .
herewordswordswordss why i suspect the writers are not native english speakers . when it comes to things romantic , wordswordswordspick upwordswordswords means wordswordswordsto make casual acquaintance with , usually in anticipation of sexual relations.wordswordswords that is not what happened when brad paisley picked out his wife :
each year after blogher (or any conference , really) i intend to share a little blog love with the sponsors , but i rarely get around to it . by the time i return home i'm some combination of exhausted and overwhelmed from 3 overstimulating days of conference fun .
the strawberries which i was given by a neighbour failed to fruit last year so on her advice , i am going to replant the little trailers . they are getting well established so i could replant or leave them but i will try the experiment . so remove the crown , snip the runners apart and shallowly plant the little plants . we shall see !
we didn't have all that much time to talk unfortunately , she told me that she was born in the city but has been living in the countryside for quite a number of years now . she was very pleased to stop for me to make a number of photos and was quite enthusiastic about the shots i showed her , but had to hurry along to the shop to exchange some clothing she'd bought for her husband some days earlier .
1/2 tsp . ground cloves
1 . be realistic about each other.don't try to turn your partner into something he or she is not . let's face it , guys-there's only one pamela anderson in the world , and even she has had her implants removed ! give your gal a break and understand that her physical appearance is not going to change overnight with the help of a few facials or treatments . and ladies , brad pitt has already been taken , so u're gonna have to do with what your guy is like ! chill out , love each other for what u are . there is more to your partner than what meets the eye .
the almond powder is a pain in the a** . the ones we get here are coarse and so i had to sieve it a couple of times , then pulse it with the other mentioned ingredients and then sieve again a couple of times to get a somewhat fine consistency .
my routine mammogram turned out not to be so routine . something suspicious showed up . i had a few cysts that were aspirated and were not cancerous ; however , the biopsy on another suspicious mass turned out to be cancer . i though how can that be ? i feel fine ! thank god i followed up with a mammogram in six months as was recommended and caught it early .
i live in a beautiful part of the country
this study , in subjecting the trc's report to careful scrutiny , has chartered new ground . thus far , the commission's report has mostly been uncritically acclaimed . it has been hailed as having set a precedent for other countries . a more sober evaluation is needed .
there that bring happiness to others and don't cost a dime . if you haven't heard
amount requested $16,000
for a single thing
finally , i abandoned the falling woman by pat murphy because it is the kind of paperback fantasy that doesnwordswordswordst wear well , despite having won the nebula .

many of you may be wondering what the big deal is . you see , i'm a " yes! " mom ! i heard no a lot growing up , and probably would have been that way myself if i hadn't found unschooling when kathrynn was about 6 months old . over time i found that saying yes to kathrynn was an amazing part of my own internal growth- wanting to be able to say yes more then no forced me to really examine my choices , my fears , my belief systems . it became immensely freeing and expansive to say yes ! and yet , there have been times when for reasons i alluded to above , i have said yes to her , which resulted in a no to myself . i have only started to really internally deal with that pattern in the past year , and it's been a slow trip for me to uncover the foundation for being a proud yes mom . :)
this is my father when he was stationed in singapore in the late 1940s . he joined the british army in october , 1942 . he enlisted as a wordswordswordsboy soldierwordswordswords at the age of 151/2 . the following letter that i discovered last week , leads me to believe that he was greatly influenced by that to which he refers .
a religious scholar from a local university remarked : wordswordswordsno christians or hindus would wish to make enemies of muslims and vice versa . the minorities do not have the slightest inkling to provoke the majority.wordswordswords
the pennsylvania liquor control board has ended the trial because of a financial dispute with the contractor . monday was the final day to resolve the dispute with contractor simple brands llc and keep the machines operating .
all i want for christmas (1991) . . . amc . . . 3:15 am
as readers , how much dialect do you want to read ? is it fair to use a little to indicate the speech patterns and then drop it ?
a fantastic resource that i love sharing is a document of actions taken by young people after the global poverty project presentations i give . i am always inspired by 10-17 year olds and you can be too wordswordswords http://link.globalpovertyproject.com/youth_actions
electric and/or battery power , hybrid power , nuclear , steam and/or water ,
never before have i taken pictures of me in a bikini . . never felt as confident that i could have done it . . i'm not saying that i am that confident . if i was , i wouldn't be thinking about wether to post the pictures or not . .
but am able to share this local order that was delivered .
speculation requires me to consider the disassembly of faith iwordswordswordsll let him out and , on the other hand , reassembly of his puppyhood condition of my having to clean the floor .
their smiles reflecting the light of possibility
a very popular non-bake cheese cake in singapore , this recipe has been blogged over and over again by food bloggers in singapore . more well known as strawberry jelly heart , this was possibly the brain child of a local home bakery who had first encapsulated a heart-shaped strawberry in jelly over cheese cake .
and she had to load the goods all by herself
best best & krieger llp
honestly , i donwordswordswordst remember too much about that event in the life of our family , but i do recall getting a huge package that year under the tree . have you ever had a big package ? i can only imagine my eyes as a nine year old , unwrapping a three foot tall very fashionable go go girl doll . it seemed so extravagant .
hearts manager paulo sergio made some changes with david templeton and rudi skacel coming in to give the team some much needed width . just four minutes had gone when the hugely impressive ryan stevenson was left unmarked in the celtic penalty area and the former ayr united man's header was saved by forster . marius zaliukas then hit the post with a shot from the edge of the penalty box as hearts began to believe in themselves . however , celtic should have taken the lead after 20 minutes but bangura's header was not strong enough to beat hearts keeper jamie macdonald .
would you like to win the he is risen set ? all you need to do is leave some love in the form of a comment on the blogs below ! why ? you need to try to figure outwordswordswords . .
when he died , i was given his duty pistol , a marlin .357 magnum lever action rifle he used as a wordswordswordsdoor gunwordswordswords on his patrol car (passed on to grandson #1) and a smith and wesson wordswordswordssurvivalwordswordswords knife (passed on to grandson #2) . these and the pistol (passed on to son-in law mr fixit) were given out on december 26 , 2011 as christmas gifts .
share on sunday , what have you girls been up to this week ?

overall , a great book . i am able to remember so much even after 20 years . i wish i could remember my text books like that .
saturday , oct . 14 : independence brewery's second anniversary party wordswordswords not a true oktoberfest party , but still a worthy chance to support the local brewers who created the oklahoma suks beer (see post below) .
she has a " chest of fairytales " etsy shop here and flickr page here where you can see her enchanting works . for me they have a playful sunniness and very distinct russian flavour which is delightful . this foxy fox will be framed and enjoyed on the wall of our truck .
my body will just fall and drop .
hope you all had a wonderful weekend ! ours was pretty low-key . my husband (bless his heart) , painted the baby's nursery . it has taken 2 coats so far and we still need a third . we are going from bright blue and white stripes to a very soft pink . and note to self , don't listen to the paint store lady who tells you to get the paint with primer already in it . ..i don't think it works at all .
d wordswordswords audio frequency power amplifier
wewordswordswordsve seen the external forces that have been deployed against the occupy encampments in a coordinated attempt to sort of wipe them out . what we donwordswordswordst see is the systematic effort to break the movement from the inside . and that is by creating divisions , discrediting the most effective leaders or locking them up . the resources of the state , which i think that this interview began to give us a glimpse of , are an indication of how worried they are , because this movement articulates a truth , a fundamental truth about our system , about the corporate coup dwordswordswordswordswordstat that we have undergone , andwordswordswords
to borrow an often overused saying (and a pun in this case) , " it's a chicken and egg problem" . you need hunters to help train hunters , but fewer hunters means fewer trainers , which means fewer hunters . . .
why did it change ?
finding a solution
all-in-all , it wasnwordswordswordst a bad night . i got to talk to my friends about things that we donwordswordswordst typically talk about . art , artist influences , and so on . next month , wewordswordswordsll be covering down-town and wewordswordswordsll be covering the downtown art walk , so wewordswordswordsll be able to compare notes .
once you are in the total knowing that you are one with substance , you are totally independent of any monetary restraints as all that you have need of will flow freely to you in such great abundance that you will not have room enough to store it .
and not like onscreen lovers . then it would matter ;
i was working on portfolio stuff for last week and consequently forgot about my blog . so iwordswordswordsm combining that blog and my final summation blog into one 1000 word post .
well , chuck taylor is basically me . all of the ocd symptoms in the book i have suffered from at some point . i actually counted how often i masturbated for an entire year (luckily that was in ninth grade and i donwordswordswordst do it anymore!) . all of the stove checking and the obsession with hand sanitizer wordswordswords those are all things i do now . i think what people donwordswordswordst realize about ocd is that people with ocd know that they have ocd . in other words , they know what they are doing is irrational and are cognizant of the fact that they suffer from an affliction , but canwordswordswordst do anything about it . i find that really interesting and funny , and so for all those reasons i picked ocd as a theme for the book .
second is an event thatwordswordswordss a little farther off , the locally grown fundraiser happening at and for harvest noon cafwordswords ! itwordswordswordss a similar sort of deal : lots of bands (auto manic , ottilie kate , bones howe , and nicole diver and the post-war surfers) and lots of good food (menu is still tbd , but iwordswordswordsm thinking some sort of vegan pizza will be in order) . itwordswordswordss also a great chance for all ywordswordswordsall who are busy weekday afternoons to come check out harvest noon and get a sense of what wewordswordswordsre all about . this onewordswordswordss on friday , march 2 , and cover is pwyc (with a suggested wyc of $5) .
in the oats
unfortunately , there were also some disasters :
honey , it's getting late and i've got to go to bed before my second shift at home depot . i talked to marvin and he said he was feeling well enough to drive to st paul tomorrow and wire you the money . i just need the info again . i don't know how to work this new email they set me up with at the elderly services center . we all love you .
in the pounding rain , we followed the plastic tubes and found the starting point , high fives and celebrations for what was one of the more unique adventures iwordswordswordsve been on . we checked out of the rangers station , still sopping wet , and began our drive out of the park , as our car went down the straight road , we caught site of the one thing we had hoped to avoid in our canoe : a giant gator walking across the side of the road .
donwordswordswordst pretend youwordswordswordsre not jealouswordswordswords
well , as nice as it seems that some atheists are favorably disposed toward religion , they canwordswordswordst have it both ways . in fact , another atheist , who is a homosexual rights advocate in britain , thinks de botton and spongwordswordswordss ideas are both ridiculous . and hewordswordswordss right ! in a recent spectator column , matthew parris calls religious believers to wake up and realize that their wordswordswordsfaith is being defended by the wrong people , in the wrong way.wordswordswords he warns us : wordswordswordsbewarewordswordswordsthe patronage of unbelievers . they want your religion as a social institution , filleted of true faith.wordswordswords
tomorrow at the nabc pizzeria and public house , two kegs of nabc hard core gore will be tapped , one from the new 2012 batch , and the other from last year's inaugural batch .
dude : so arsenal ikishinda utanigesh ?
i grabbed beers with my fellow students and our professor after our final cartography presentations this week . mine was so stressful i nearly died , but i think i am 100% prepared to defend a thesis . who knew the data architecture of my project would start a 2 hour debate with experts being skyped in from halifax to voice their opinion ? after a long semester we were glad to have everything behind us . we all deserved a beer , or 7 . needless to say , it became an interesting night .
my name is jane , and i am suffering from psychotic depression . wanting to live is a feeling that almost never hits me . at times , i think i have everything . i live in manhattan . i have my friends , always standing by me , and i am probably envied by many people because of my looks . yet , i still loathe and despise myself . i have been raised thinking everything bad that happens to me is my fault , so blaming oneself has become indeed my curse . suicidal tendencies have been haunting me , ever since i was little . in my younger years , i used to think that things would get better , but now the voices have proved my past self wrong .
youwordswordswordsd be competent to go places where others would simply die only to have a shot at visiting . moreover , choosing capable of consume gourmet meals and relish the fresh and invigorating ocean breeze right as part of your office . certainly , anyone would need to have this type of relaxing work place .
- i got a big compliment from my principal . she emailed a picture of my word wall out to the entire staff . it is nice to know that i am doing things right and that she feels they are worthy of sharing with others .
the recipe is from the junior league of new orleans .
or business .
ocbc investment research also downgraded smrt to hold from buy and lowered its target price to s$1.71 from s$2.04 due to lower expected earnings as its expenditure in 2013 will rise to s$500 million as a result of higher expenses incurred for upgrading its assets .
here i will insert my biggest rational fear . i fear spiders , i fear snakes , and i fear other things , but those are all irrational fears . however , i find this fear perfectly rational . i fear going blind . i got my first pair of glasses in first grade . i realize that children are getting glasses earlier and earlier these days , but in my childhood you didnwordswordswordst see four-year olds wearing glasses . i still remember what it felt like to leave the eye doctorwordswordswordss , look outside and see the world . who knew that you could see leaves on trees ? my eyesight continually got worse , and i got new glasses every six months . i remember loving life every time i left with new glasses . reading every sign in sight because for the first time in a long time i could . the first time i watched forget paris , i wondered if i had been as obnoxious as the father-in-law . finally in third grade i got contacts to try to stop my eyes from changing . but my eyes continued to get worse . i will say with joy that i have had the same prescription for at least the last 6 years . but before getting to that point iwordswordswordsve had many times at the doctorwordswordswordss office being told that if my eyes got too much worse iwordswordswordsd have problems correcting them , fortunately technology always stayed ahead of my eyesight . i was told i wouldnwordswordswordst be able to get proper correction for glasses because the lenses would be too thick , but new technology changed the way lenses are made and iwordswordswordsve never been stuck with coke bottle lenses . i do have to stick with smaller frames because the distortion at the edges would be too much for larger frames , but current fashions favor smaller frames . iwordswordswordsve always been at the cut off for the contact lenses iwordswordswordsve needed . when the strongest they made was a minus eight , that was my prescription , and by the time i needed to upgrade that prescription was available . yet , for a long time i seemed to me that my ability to have eyesight corrected to 20/20 was limited . someday i would have to give up life as a person who could read the signs . and with that i would give up my current level of independence . even now that my eyes have stopped changing , i have great appreciation for the ability to see . so an eye problem had to be dealt with immediately .
instead of the weekly show just doling out an endless stream of identikit performances , each week the finalists are set tasks to learn a new skill , produce other finalistswordswordswords songs , write a new piece of music etc .
but , when it comes to the putative joys of being alone , lawrence cannot (needless to say) hold a candle to philip larkin . and thus , as is so often the case for me (which , i acknowledge , is surely a sign of some sort of malign pathology) , i shall give the last word to mr . larkin (who , as always , is brutally honest , appalling , and , alas , correct -- after a fashion) .
companioning winding creeks ; and
thanks for reading and keep smiling .
meanwhile , seema and pinky are living blissfully unencumbered in an apartment block in mumbai . across from them is a flannel-bedecked salt o ' the earth type , ratan (sanjeev kumar , in possibly his most uncharacteristic role ever) , who often waves to pinky from his balcony . after spying on them for a few days , ratan confesses to his friend that he is in love , but , alas , he has never had a girlfriend in his entire life (!) . his friend advises him that the best way to a woman's heart is through her daughter's , and hence ratan pursues little 5-year-old pinky with very creepy zeal . " hello , little girl , aren't you a pretty little girl ? would you like a ride to school today ? " while anyone with half a brain would have alarm bells going off in their head , pinky's mother seems lackadaisical and non-plussed that pinky has , basically , a 40-year-old suitor . pinky even invites ratan on a date in her home , and the latter arrives , complete with suit , tie and flowers , to have tea with his little girlfriend . again , seema seems unimpressed .
last night's bachelor finale was actually really special for me . ..because i got to watch it some of my best friends from college . ..in new york !
i am grateful that we could spend thanksgiving with some of our extended family in portland . i fantasize sometimes about living close enough to share a meal weekly--or at least every other week . i don't know if it will ever happen , but it sure was lovely to be in the same room with those folks (and all the babies!) for a few hours .
but , as we all know , there are right ways and wrong ways for a man to surprise his woman . for instance :
i just stick by my belief that a life is a life is a life and that life is such a special gift that we should always cherish .
the countdown in on !
xu x , ding m , li b , christiani dc . association of rotating shiftwork with preterm birth and low birth weight among never smoking women textile workers in china . occup environ med 1994 ; 51 : 470-474 .
if the day comes when my obituary is displayed before your eyes , and my writings are in some way publicized for you to see , i ask that you remember this : april 10 , 2012 , you told me everything that i did need .
what words put you off books ?
perhaps it is best not to open up about your
and experience , a form of life that we can only earn .
awp : tell me about your cooking and eating habits and traditions .
remember there will be another sunday sensations from magnolia-licious right here at midnight tonight . ..so hope to see you all real soon!! ! hugs to you ! !
england and watts are expected to be charged with three counts of first-degree murder and two counts of shooting with intent to kill .
they call them the basics for a reason . to reach age 15 without learning everything that is taught in elementary school is virtually impossible , provided no one has gotten in your way .
for thanksgiving , i opened a number of bottles , ranging from a lambrusco to a vors (30+ year old) oloroso sherry . i like to have an assortment of wines , something for everyone , as well as enough to last throughout the day . per my own thanksgiving wine suggestions , i also opened a bottle of sake , which i have done before for thanksgiving . i was pleased to see that this year i opened the same sake as the fine folks of sakaya , rick and hiroko .
it is so broad it covers the whole sky .
wordswordswordstabasco ? wordswordswords i suggested .
my client is unsure about the idea of open shelving in the kitchen , i just love the look of it . it would make such a great focal point in the room . not to mention the pretty storage it offers . but , you would have to keep it well organized . so i thought i would ask you guys , do you have open shelving and do you love it or hate it ?
yesterday , i started my day off with an 8 am meeting with the middle school principal . the topic : playground football . football (actually , all play involving footballs) has recently been banned from recess at the middle school . i wanted to know why . the answer ? injuries , aggressive behavior and liability .
i love my family . the loud . the crazy . the more crazy . this weekend , however , they were out of town and it was absolute bliss .
" my mama wakes the eastern sun ,
when mevrouw t and i walked it , it was getting an excellent workout from other tourists and local joggers .
what when and where ,
beyond and involved , evolved with the foxgloves ,
my neighbor came by a few days ago to introduce herself , and i in return said , will you please come be our birthday party ? she brought her kids (3) and gift and an extension cord so we could try to put some dents in our wall by playing with a pinata . . another jaxon " must-have " item .
of 150 registered titles , half the plr comes from the top four titles - they are all children's fiction . of the top 10 titles , 9 are fiction . more of my titles are non-fiction than fiction , so that's a very significant result . the non-fiction title in the top ten is a glossy , very visual book on volcanoes published by dorling kindersley . of the 9 fiction , all except one are published by a very large publisher , and all published since 2007 . the books with titles most likely to appeal to children (in my view) did not score higher than those with less intriguing titles . (the official info that has been released so far shows loans of children's fiction up slightly , loans of adult books slightly down.)
but iwordswordswordsve been busy making magic , sowordswordswords.firstly . happy new year
there have been a lot of people who don't see why orphan care , and almost always , when meeting a pastor or church board , almost always , they want to know what we are doing to spread the gospel , are we holding bible studies ? do we have tracts and material to teach people about christ ? what material do we use ? what is our doctrinal statement ?
on a group of beautiful deserted islands in the middle of nowhere , the following people are stranded :
2 stack
we register that the activistswordswordswords dishonesty is on par with their willingness to harass and threaten .
about nicole wordswordswordssnookiwordswordswords polizzi
the only problem is , bria has no idea iwordswordswordsm her long-lost sibling . . . or that iwordswordswordsm the murderer shewordswordswordss been chasing through ashland for weeks . and what bria doesnwordswordswordst know just might get us both dead . . .
contact : lizzie l . evans , founder and immediate past president wordswordswords ufsc-ps chapter , phone : 206-660-9295 , e-mail : founder@ufscps.org
right now , you might be asking yourselfwordswordswords what does this have to do with balancing the budget ? well , actually a lot .
i was destined to live in san francisco based on one of the earliest stories i remember from my childhood . my dad and his brother-in-law took a day trip to the city when i was a toddler , and when reporting to my mom about their activities of the afternoon , decided to freak her out .
all of that is to say , if you find that scheduling your day into precise segments does not work for you , do not despair ! for some families , it apparently works well . but you are not alone in your situation--many of us must use a much more flexible , organic approach . lol when ao had its one and only conference back in 2005 (notes ; reviews and a link to purchase cd's which are well worth listening to) , one of the ao advisory members , i think it was wendi capehart , had this to say about schedules :
so i know ywordswordswordsall want a travel story and let me start off by saying i would love to not have one for you all . . . .cuz iwordswordswordsm tired . ..and my body/brain needs a break from incidents (praying that my flight to chicago is smooth & uneventful) . well i have a doozy of a story for ya and i hope you all laugh cuz i did laugh but afterwards i shook my own head at myself . iwordswordswordsm pretty sure james is rethinking my decision to travel alone . ..yep iwordswordswordsm pretty sure he is lol . my flight to texas started out in virginia at 7 am flying to chicago first . ..i had the worst migraine on the plane so midway i woke up to take a few advil . ..3 to be exact and leaned back to go back to sleep . woke up about 20 mins later feeling slightly wordswordswordsoddwordswordswords (yes odder than usual lol) and woozy and knew something wasnwordswordswordst right & figured i was either getting a bad migraine or a sinus infection . so i leaned down to take another advil just in case . ..when to my horror i realized i had taken 3 maximum strength benadryl instead . ..uh oh!! ! benadryl drugs me . ..like woozy , stumbling , drool on my darn self kinda drug me . ..ok , not pretty at all . and they hit me like a brick omg . ..i literally was like a drunk . ..slurring my words and stumbling . i stumbled up the gangplank to exit the plane in chicago and i could barely walk people . ..i texted hubby to say wordswordswordsummmm i think i mighta made an oopsie . ..a big onewordswordswords . ..well hewordswordswordss not really surprised much by me after 18 years so his response (in typical james form we call wordswordswordsjames-ismswordswordswords) wordswordswordswell ok , as long as you are somewhere safe youwordswordswordsll be okwordswordswords . ummm did you hear me . ..i am drugged and its not pretty . ..helllooooooooo!! ! but i guess cuzwordswordswords i was in an wordswordswordsairportwordswordswords that suddenly i was contained and safe to him lmbo . ..yep . . . .not ! cuz suzanne thought getting on the people movers to her next gate would be helpful . . . .less walking right ? right ? umm yeah i put my small wheelie tote on the people mover & for whatever reason it made me dizzy and i lost my balance . ..i did the darn splits on the people mover . ..it was not a good site (it was not sexy , hot or cool in any way ok) . and i split my jeans open . . . .where you ask ? wellll right in my darn butt area . . . .did i have clothes in my tote . ..of course not . ..that would never be my luck huh ? and yeah i had red undies (clean ones though that did over my rear) on and my jacket did not cover it . ..so iwordswordswordsm trying to get upright and the guy behind me is trying to help me and i know hewordswordswordss trying to not laugh and iwordswordswordsm like wordswordswordsno , no i got thiswordswordswords as i stumble off and try to arrange my jacket around my waist in a manner that didnwordswordswordst look like i was trying to cover up something lol . i get to the gate and sit down & the man next to me is chatty-cathy . ..wrong time bud ok--you have nooo idea who or what you are talking to right now ! i think i slurred something like wordswordswordsimmmmm soooo slorrry but i am berry heavibly medicated and am having sub bigggg isssueeessswordswordswords . ..he looked at me like he felt badly for me and hey at that point i felt badly for me toooo lol and figured it was best to sit there and not move or talk until it was time to get on plane--so i pretended to be a statue & very interested in my phone although i was so medicated i'm sure drool was coming out as my head bobbed up & done . ..oy vey! ! so i go and get on plane . . . .oh yeah that was fun . ..suzanne tripping on the plane and literally running my body down the wall of the gangplank so i didnwordswordswordst fall . ..i looked reallly special at that point ;) i was lucky to get a window seat in the second row . ..two guys sit next to me and iwordswordswordsm trying to not make eye contact cuz i donwordswordswordst wanna look like a drugged weirdo lol . i cover up with my blankie and go to sleep . ..wake up halfway thru flight and feel wordswordswordsslightlywordswordswords better , enough to form somewhat sane sentences . so i asked stewardess for 3 cokes . ..yep 3 . ..trust me i really needed about 20 at that point & i musta looked like i did cuz she brought them quickly . the guys next to me start laughing & iwordswordswordsm like you have nooooo idea buddies so just shut up cuz iwordswordswordsm not in the mood . ends up the guy next to me is a fighter pilot who had traveled home from a tour in afghanistan and had been traveling 3 days (yeah made my travel journey not so sad huh) . so we were chatting about the military and stuff and the guy on the end joined in . so we are all chatting having a grand time & the guy on the end asks me what iwordswordswordsm doing in san antonio and blah blah blah . . . .wants to know if iwordswordswordsm there for the rodeo (i wish cuz i have always wanted to go) . turns out the guy on the end is joe nichols . ..yep the country singer . ..yep i didnwordswordswordst recognize him . ..at all and i yell wordswordswordsyou liar . ..you are notwordswordswords . ..yeah real good zinger suzanne , geesh ! and he pulls out his drivers license & sings a line of his song wordswordswordstequila makes her clothes fall offwordswordswords . ..umm yeah appropriate song for a girl who has her undies hanging out of her darn pants lmbo! ! but he was really nice and he signed my country weekly magazine which i just happened to have in my bag (no pants but darn it i have some magazines) and invited me to rodeo where he was singing today . darn it . ..if i didnwordswordswordst have to be home i soooo woulda stayed an extra day to hang out . ..i mean of all the darn luck . ..split pants druggie sits next to joe nichols and canwordswordswordst go to the rodeo . ..ugh . ..story of my life lol ! needless to say we get to san antonio just fine (via houston) and then i rent a car to drive 3 hours to waco . ..in the pouring rain on a friday afternoon . ..yep thru austin traffic . took me 5 beautiful , oh so fabulous hours in bumper-to-bumper traffic . ..had to pee . ..was a tad hungry . ..and bum tired but darn it i got to waco . great class . . . .great ladies (waving hi) who now all know that i really am a total nut lol but hope they had fun and i promise i will be back in texas this year . ..albeit not drugged ;) and if you are near waco stop at emmaliewordswordswordss fabulous store crop paper scissors . ..you wonwordswordswordst be disappointed ! !
wordswordswordsitwordswordswordss great if you canwordswordswordst go to church,wordswordswords added his wife , rita .
iwordswordswordsm not ready for that .
so last weekend when my girls woke up and told me that they wanted to have a spa day with their awesome friends across the street , i was so happy ! it seemed like my nana revisited right here in my bathroom ! they asked if they could use my big tub to soak their feet , use my facial mask and if i had enough vinegar so they could rinse their hair with it (old family secret for shiny hair . . . . . .:)) . i said sure and set them free to do their thing .
my brain often gets stuck when iwordswordswordsm sitting at my desk . i put it down partly to the easy distraction of email etc , because itwordswordswordss all just a finger-twitch away , and twitching that finger to the wordswordswordssign onwordswordswords screen is so much easier than writing . but iwordswordswordsve often felt that itwordswordswordss more than that . even before the email tyrant took over , iwordswordswordsd noticed that if i was stuck on a story , the worst plan was to sit at my desk : the only way was to go for a walk . and so out iwordswordswordsd go , and lo and behold , within minutes all my problems (well , the writing-related ones) were sorted .
we need an airport-improvement manifesto .
and while they were sparked by the images before me , many of my sketches pulled from themes i've visited time and again . like the vase , which reminded me of the sketches i'd made for some beaded vessels with voids back in 2008 while at penland . which were originally inspired by a burl wood , turned bowl i saw in an exhibit at the airport while traveling . i look at these sketches , and i can clearly see the burl wood in the textures , though i'd plan to reinterpret it with beads .
not too long ago , at a milonga , i was sitting on the edge of a stage along with about 6 other women . the milonga was very follower heavy , and this space was certainly a good area to be seen , but it was also one of the few places with good air movement , and it was hot that night . so sitting there i struck up conversation with the women beside me , and we chatted of this that and whatever . then a young tango-hotshot-wannabe came over and squeezed in beside me and the young lady i was chatting with . as he squeezed in , he started talking in a falsetto voice " oh , none of us ladies are getting dances . oh , won't someone come dance with us! " all the while flipping his hair and pushing his chest out . i was struck dumb by this flagrant taunting of women whom he apparently thought far below his swelling talent .
although idaho lawmakers approved the statewordswordswordss first felony animal cruelty law earlier this year , hemingway says she doesnwordswordswordst believe the law goes far enough , and that no one will ever be convicted under it .
as the passion of living

presented by : new jersey center for biomaterials
memories and family mysteries are resurfacing , tied to the " imagination " tomas was said to have as a small child , where he saw wordswordskriatokov and vily - dwarves and fairies - around every corner . while childhood memories are all very amusing , tomas is finally figuring out the worst bit - it's not his imagination . the woman in the fire dress . . . isn't all in his head . a vodnwordswordsk is trying to kill him - for real - and make him live out eternity in his teacup . and bargain though he might , death - not at all the mythological being he imagined - is coming for someone in his family .
many are loathe to think that their government would have the brashness to mislead , lie to , or conceal information from the public whom they profess to serve . the notion that governments routinely misinform the public to keep them in the dark is the most basic premise which separates " main-streamers " from " conspiracy theorists" . it's getting more and more difficult , however , for the " main-streamers " to prop up their flimsy idyllic and naive reality once whistle-blowers like ken johnston come forward . ken is a former national aeronautics and space administration data and photo control department manager . he recently announced that nasa has been covering up ancient alien cities and the remains of amazingly advanced machinery on the moon for well over 40 years . he also indicated that the agency ordered a cover-up and forced him to participate in it and then let him go once he came forward to blow the whistle on the veil of secrecy .
the one who saw what i could be- instead of what i was .
but those of you who have been here will know . . . it's the beat of the pavement that is so alluring . . . there's something about the energy here . . . about the pulse of the place . . . the ever enduring optimism . . . the possibility . . . the hope . . . it's all here . . . on the nyc streets . . . it's a tough place to be sure . . . it's grey . . . it's concrete . . . it's fast . . . it's furious . . . and yet , even in the face of this , the people walk to a happy beat . . .
first , we must want more from god . sin is settling for less than what hewordswordswordss promised , and unless we are longing for more from him every day we will not be dissatisfied with our sin and the counterfeit fulfillment it supplies . (jer . 2:13) .
we fall ,
there are loads of dreams i have for our house and they feel more achievable now we have the new kitchen . it might take another 10 years (or more) before they're all realised , but if we can just achieve one a year that's good .
the things we take for granted
the party started at 9:30 on saturday morning and continued until the game began at noon . there was absolutely no food served during the gaiety (much to my surprise) but we did have lots of fun and so i decided that i would share some pictures with our readers .
but it's not for me to ask .
1 tbs vanilla extract
abby's shriek shattered sam's vision .
jesus had said , wordswordswordsi did not come to bring peace , but a sword . for i came to set a man against his father , and a daughter against her mother , and a daughter-in-law against her mother-in-law ; and a manwordswordswordss enemies will be the members of his household.wordswordswords
wordswordswordsmom , you know that dad passed away nine years ago.wordswordswords
secondly , if i may wilfully misinterpret your question for the sake of a blog post , i have many moments for concern . i am concerned by the continued existence of reality television , i am concerned by the closing-in of the seasons , for i believe i may very well be a seasonally disaffected man . i am concerned that my fellow man is more preoccupied with bosnian puppy-drowners than bosnian war criminals . i am concerned that the only notable response to a british war criminal in our midst came from a few sinn fwordswordsin nutjobs . that mental morrissey continues to be given a platform . i am concerned that with the dampening of dublin comes the drying up of furriners , and that , on any given friday , i may be dismissed from my employment with a shrug . i am concerned that i will take my anxieties about unemployment out on my wife . she doesn't care about money , but sometimes i'd love for her to not even have to not care . i am concerned that slowly , gently we will start to trust our government again , that we will vote the bastards in again , that we are falling victim to an indefinable propaganda machine as effective as fox news .
see , i never want my kids to think there is a topic that is off limits to talk about in our family .
take a grey shade and sweep over the rest of the lid , the colour should really pop because of the base so don't worry when it looks a bit odd and two toned (half white half grey lid) . this my darlings is the step which will take your make up from looking blah to professional . the trick is to blend blend blend .
am here , am here
- unlimited game space
some of you may know that i've just started eating meat , after a 10 year hiatus , and i'm having a lot of fun experimenting with adding meat to meals , where there would have been none . so j asked me if i would mind if he made a bacon , mushroom and bbq sauce pizza . i told him i thought it needed more vegetables , so he added the last of our two eggs . close , but i still knew there were limited vegetables on it .
they differ in some ways in some ways not
point presenter #3 : ally tropsa
wordswordswordsiwordswordswordsll come and see it in may,wordswordswords i told dan . iwordswordswordsm away in april.wordswordswords
" i should really like to think there's something wrong with me wordswordswords
thank you for joining me on this journey .

' you know , i'm an american . i love all americans . and i would help any american pursue their dreams and their pursuit of happiness, ' nugent told hannity . ' but you find that the left , there's a lunatic fringe on the left that literally are trying to force us to comply to their outline of life . and i find it just reprehensible that they would recommend violence , not to mention murder and shooting people and assassinating people . this is bizarre . '
we became vegetarians but as we learned about the horrors of the egg and dairy industries , it became clear that veganism was the only way to go . what difference did it make to spare chickens bred for eating while continuing to eat eggs at the brutal expense of other chickens ? why refuse steak or burgers only to consume dairy which , in my opinion , causes the most cruel suffering of all ? we quickly replaced dairy products with alternatives and within months , gave up eggs and became vegan . while i do believe that every bit helps , i also see vegetarianism as a stepping stone towards a truly compassionate life .
first , i want to introduce myself ! my name is darby . i'm a 23 year old mom . i met erica (the mastermind behind buzzin ' balms) on a baby due date board when we were both expecting and we became fast friends ! when erica started this little business , she was looking for ways to get her name out there . i have been blogging since i was about 12 and wanted to help my friend out in any way i could , so i offered my blogging/website services in exchange for product and within the next few days , i had a package of buzzin ' balms & body essentials at my door !
this is a brief , yet excellent video presentation of the blatant , infuriating hypocrisy that exists with our democrats and their lapdog , the media .
(as for the professed desire to wordswordswordsmake the system cheaperwordswordswords : this is hard to reconcile , to put it politely , with packing the lords at the same time . not to mention being a deeply unworthy reason for such a significant constitutional change wordswordswords as if the composition of the house of commons were merely a matter of budgeting and administration . the wordswordswordscost-cuttingwordswordswords argument is just an expedient to secure public support at a time when the commonswordswordswords reputation is at its lowest ebb for centuries.)
also she has opened a facebook page to allow all her new readers and fans to keep up to date with her news , up and coming work , illustration tasters and books that have been newly released . . so please like it , share it , support her !
having tallied the votes i can tell you it was tight for first place - but this week we'd like to congratulate . . . .
besides the obvious of location and guest list , there are two main parts to planning a party : decor and food .
and love me as great women can
by douglas e . schoen
poor beyan was trying to explain that she has been dying to gtfo of her parents warlocky , icy ggrasp and that she would have only half ruined his life with her parents as in-laws (as opposed to totally ruining it , which is what zbow was thinking) . ultimately , ben defused the first bomb , but the second clearly shook him .
religion and fascism
drive very fancy cars , but want everyone else to live like my grandmother did in brownsville in brooklyn in the 1920s, " kotkin said , pointing to the " smart-growth " policies that dominate development decisions across california .
college and still has a little puch with the hat/lace-up waist coat , and
the spouse sparrow told me a story about his ex-wife , who would be watching " east enders " (which apparently gave her her itchy minge) , and suddenly , she would have a good root around in the ol ' stench trench , and then , rather inelegantly , proclaim " itchy minge! " and go back to watching her program . i know , i know , you are wondering why he ever left this charming gem of womanhood . divorce has its reasons , whereof reason knows nothing .
mike encourages me to taste the different vegetables he uses in his kimchi , each of them coated in a garlicky dressing of his own concoction . though everything is fiery there is a quality of peppery sweetness that reminds me of poivron rouge , a spice made from ground niora peppers grown in volcanic soil surrounding the atlas mountains near marrakesh . i ask him where that lush pepper taste comes from and he reveals one of his secrets ; he grinds fresh red peppers for his kimchi .
but another clear lesson is that austerity has to be seen as a means , not an end . the goal is to recover from the massive blow inflicted by the global financial meltdown and return to prosperity . this may involve a measure of austerity wordswordswords but definitely requires considerable economic growth , which should be policymakerswordswordswords first priority .
iwordswordswordsm out of sticky notes again .
derry mathews is now 30-6-1 & anthony crolla , the man derry defeated now has a record of 23-3-0 .
the construction of the tower was complex because of the very poor ground conditions on the site . the foundations were based on a sunken concrete cassion that was built above ground then sunk over a period of time . cassion foundations are often found in harbour construction ; to find this foundation being used in the 1960s for a local authority tower block was a first , the cassion below the tower was put to use as an underground garage area for residents . the tower itself has a very bold and striking appearance , unlike any other tower block or high rise building in the uk . derwent tower is of a brutalist design and retains lots of design similarities with the gatesheads " get carter car park " also a product of the owen luder partnership . the building houses two-bedroom flats up to the 10th floor , 1 bedroom flats from floor 11 to 29 .
33 . bikram .
january recap :
deputies canvassed the business and found two damaged soft drink machines in the back of the store .
armstrong was born in the shieldfield area of newcastle on the 26 november 1810 . his father was the proprietor of a corn merchants business on the newcastle quayside and had a strong interest in natural history , mathematics and was a member of the literary and philosophical society .
as iwordswordswordsd suspected more than a month ago , wewordswordswordsre looking at a coverup at the conservative party headquarters . march 6th was five days after iwordswordswordsd already explained to some political parties how elections canada investigators could quickly get to the bottom of the robocon election fraud by reviewing audit logs in cims . instead , i had to figuratively tear my hair out while i read stories of conservative-friendly call centres wordswordswordsreviewingwordswordswords tapes of calls to assist investigators , and statements by the cpc that ec had not yet asked for backup tapes for cims circa may 2 , 2011 .
original gravity : 1.057 .
1/2 onion chopped
use as sandwich or cracker spread , or a dip for vegetables .
in specific , she says , wordswordswordsbut you donwordswordswordst become great by trying to become great . you become great by wanting to do something , and then doing it so hard that you become great in the process.wordswordswords
there used to be a giant penis sculpture in front of the sex theatre that erupted every hour (only water came out , youwordswordswordsd have to pay for anything more) but it was removed a few years ago because apparently even the rld has its limits . who woulda thought ?
i used a great paper collection by dcwv , little boys (i believe , but it did come from michaels) . the sticker , yep , a sticker is by jolee . i don't do stickers much but had been given a stack of baby/kid stickers and thought this one was really cute and went so very well with the colors ! the hearts have a bit of gloss on the pattern which makes them a bit more fun (that yellow is really a nice camo-print green but these were photographed off my iphone) .
we bounce through heathrow and land at barajas bang on time . it is an amazing airport wordswordswords huge and light and extremely well connected to the city via buses and the metro system . we opt for the metro and are amazed to see that tickets are only wordswordswords2.50 to whizz us all the way from the airport to our hotel .
it isnwordswordswordst just that masha won . itwordswordswordss how she won . considering that she was playing on clay against the wtawordswordswordss current dominant player , to serve the way she did was impressive . more importantly , she was brilliant off the ground . she had 31 winners to 13 unforced errors . with her style of aggressive play , even when she wins masha can rack up the errors . if sharapova has more than a 2 to 1 ratio of aces to double faults and winners to unforced errors , it is very difficult for anybody to beat her . and mentally , she beat the woman that defeated her in the wimbledon final last year , petra kvitova , in the semis . she beat the woman that beat her in the australian open final this year , vika . add a quarterfinal victory , where she had to come back from match point down , over 2011 us open winner samantha stosur and masha defeated the last three wta major winners in a row at this tournament . make no mistake , despite the need to appear impartial , the wta celebrates when masha wins . i think there will be a lot of celebrating this year .
anyway , to the librarian , angela macari , her lovely daughter , nicole , and all the pupils of inverkeithing high school whom i met today , have a lovely summer holiday and enjoy your reading - you never know how it might change your life .
mason jar
-label everything using label maker , silhouette , and label paper punch
interestingly enough , clicking on those links show the headlines and articles claiming the shooter to be a neo-nazi have disappeared , being replaced with the news stories that the fellow goes by the name of mohammed merah without any correction of their original supposition .
3 . pay it forward to 8 bloggers that you have recently discovered - check !
we were in a room in one of the 24 hour hotels around our bus station in san jose .
this is a question i tend to worry about -- especially in regards to main characters . with secondary or minor characters , likeability isn't as big of an issue . after all , you're not stuck in the head of the protag's best friend the whole book . if you don't like the best friend , no worries . if you don't like the protagonist , that's a bigger problem .

they are a priceless part of us , and capture our hearts and souls the instant they are born . from that moment we will do anything to protect and care for them . this is human nature . it is an inborn instinct to safeguard our loved ones and is something we all experience . whether it is our children , our elderly , our partner , a family member , or even our friends , we all experience protectiveness at one point in our lives . for most of the worldwordswordswordss population , this is an ongoing phenomenon wordswordswords for life .
22 . vinear's x-out session/death/life (dialogue) (02:51)
i wish i had stuck around meshuggah for the party . supposedly , delmar exploded when the election was called . instead , i spent the evening at my mom's house in dogtown , where my pithy noisemakers were the only sound on the whole street .
wake island
therefore , imo , a televised debate , with its scriped sound bytes and gratuitous personal attacks , seems to prove only one thing--that the winner is a better debater than the other person . that the so-called " winner " is only more verbally agile than the " loser . "
1 definitely
run springs till
in any case , i think most people do struggle with depression at any given point in their lives , regardless of their creativity . however , i definitely think we're more prone to the dark fingers of that particular malady . and dealing with the rejections that will inevitably come , can make their grip all the stronger .
it will take the work out of the courage
the release is right about some things . the number of black-owned companies jumped 60.5 percent between 2002 and 2007 . and revenues and employment at black-owned employer firms grew faster than similar numbers at white-owned companies .
from october 7 , 2011 :
what more can you ask for ?
here i will discuss microphone placement techniques , this is a blog for computer music production , but vocals can always be cool . (as long as you don't kill auto-tune) .

my head is still swirling with everything and more we have going on right now , but thankfully it is not overwhelming me or having me feel anxious .
how to spend such a day ? today was a pretty big day : kierkegaardwordswordswordss birthday , cinco de mayo , and vanity records first gig . iwordswordswordsm not quite sure i knew , really (for those of you wanting to read about vanity records , just keep reading . .and if you donwordswordswordst know who kierkegaard is , donwordswordswordst worry about it) . i had a wedding that was very important to me (like beyond important) , but life kept me from getting there . the bride , i think , would be pleased with how i spent my time over the weekend , however . since i couldnwordswordswordst go to the wedding , i know she be pleased that i spent the evening with vanity records .
wordswordswordsi thank my god upon every remembrance of you , always in every prayer of mine for you all making request with joy , for your fellowship in the gospel from the first day until now.wordswordswords
gemma was not by any stretch of imagination as engaging as jane . she just wasn't . i wasn't able to live in her head like i am able to live in jane's . i wasn't able to make a strong , emotional attachment to gemma . there were a couple of scenes that are convincing or believable in jane eyre that just aren't convincing or believable in the flight of gemma
i adore wordswordswordsa moveable feast,wordswordswords but one thing sits wrong with me ; the manner in which hemingway obliquely blamed the demise of his marriage on wordswordswordsthe richwordswordswords and wordswordswordsthe other girl.wordswordswords in hemingwaywordswordswordss version of the tale , these outsiders seduced him away from hadley with lavish lifestyles and lavish praise . they offered him everything which in the end was too much . even though mclain has given us a fictionalized account of this story , it is less deflecting of responsibility and in that way ends up feeling much more real than hemingwaywordswordswordss wordswordswordstruthwordswordswords ever has .
a quick outfit picture below but it is now far too hot for tights . in hk , the humidity levels are announced everyday and these days it's been 31c and humidity in the high 80s . i can't believe i arrived in feb when layers and jumpers are needed and now i am bare legged and wishing for air con most of the time !
stylistically , it falls somewhere between a bitter and a golden ale - with all the citric and floral sharpness of a ' gold' , but with all the full bodied hop dryness and firm malts of a jolly decent bitter .
mid-way through the season , marty supposedly fell in love . i believe he cared for april , but iwordswordswordsm not sure this man even understands what it means to love someone . bottom line , he leads with his dick and his ego and does whatever he wants regardless of the consequences .
participating artists : cory arcangel ; sanford biggers ; roy choi ; peter coffin ; jim drain ; jim drain/ara peterson ; family books , david jacob kramer ; will fowler , jonah freeman/justin lowe ; ben jones ; robert mckinley ; mike mills ; takeshi murata ; ara peterson , public fiction ; tom sachs ; sage vaughn .
next is my birthday , but that is not until easter sunday , and thankfully , i will be in chicago with my family , and hopefully won't have to worry about entertaining or cleaning . i am kind of excited that my birthday falls on easter this year , kind of something fun , unique and different .
this show must be on the list . i've probably seen every episode of this show at least 10 times . i think i was still watching this show occasionally on syndication up until a couple of years ago (you can probably still find episodes on several stations , every now and then) . i think the reason i liked this show so much is because the kids in the show were pretty much the exact same age as i was . sure , the situations were ridiculous . sure , the characters were stereotypes and completely unbelievable . but none of that mattered , it was funny , dramatic , sometimes witty , sometimes heartwarming , and always entertaining .
in the days our family worked on the farm , dieting was unheard of . grandma always cooked dishes high in calories so that everyone had the energy they needed to throw 100 lb . hay bales , plant 1/2 acres of potatoes and hoe them , garden , do the wash (with a wringer washer) and hang it on the line to dry , take in the garden and can , etc . , etc . do you recall when wash day was ? how about baking day ? grandma made several loaves of bread on baking day and she put this dough recipe on the night before , so the whole house could wake up to freshly baking cinnamon-sugar " scuff's" . there were never any leftovers . trust me , this is no diet food :-)
the shalwar-wearing bearded men holding rakes and pitchforks in the caves of afghanistan have never been and will never be a threat to our constitution .
o we asked each diocese , eparchy and community for their total number
we decided to get off at camps bay because i had to feel the water . the sea is flipping cold there . not swimmer friendly at all . camps bay reminds me of balito , except the sand is whiter .

most of them comment anonymously .
i know all the tricks . never bad talk your old employer . instead , say wordswordswordsno room for growthwordswordswords , makes you sound ambitious . make your greatest weakness somehow a strength . wordswordswordsi care too much , i donwordswordswordst delegate enough , iwordswordswordsm a perfectionistwordswordswords . donwordswordswordst ask about salary , even though you probably really need to know that . instead , ask about the companies five year plan , even though , letwordswordswordss be honest , you donwordswordswordst really care .
valgeir sigurwordswordssson wordswordswords flesh and wine and firewood
in the end , ambition may be what killed cabin for this viewer . the horror genre is wide and varying in terms of its sub-genres . films like scream and behind the mask : the rise of leslie vernon (hell , even 1981wordswordswordss student bodies) work better as satire because they donwordswordswordst bite off more than they can chew wordswordswords the focus in these films is on the slasher sub-genre . shaun of the dead sticks to the zombie sub-genre . even the decidedly more slapstick films in the scary movie franchise had the good sense to limit what each parodied . here , whedon and goddard cast their net far too wide and ultimately fail to rein in the promising first two-thirds of the film . honestly , i kept waiting for the
after the chevrolet volt has been under an nhtsa investigation , not too long ago , because of a potential fire risk on its battery pack , influencing its sales targets , the wordswordswordsgreenwordswordswords model is once again placed into the spotlights , in another negative light , because of a problem with its xm satellite radio . even if this might seem like a minor issue on the volt , the fact that it was investigated by the nhtsa because of a fire risk , adding the problem with the satellite radio can only decrease the modelwordswordswordss sales .
we've forgotten the shock and the patriotic fury americans felt on that bright september morning eight years ago . we've forgotten our identification with fellow citizens leaping from doomed skyscrapers . we've forgotten the courage of airline passengers who would not surrender to terror .
12/17/2007 274.00
military . .retired people . .actors . .travel journalist . .secret agent . .politician . .author . .designer . .event organiser . .lottery winner . .food critic . .dancer . .muscian . .athlete . .researcher . .pilot . .flight attendant . .cabin crew on a cruise . ..archaeologist . .wildlife photographer . ..spokesperson . ..time traveller . . .
in the viewing , rissad had entered the caves leading to the abyss through a tower that would have seemed modest by the standards of its time , but was now a monolith as daunting as any pre-crash ruin . brown and yellow brickwork quickly gave way to concrete and glass as the buildings reared up , higher and higher with each crossroads . every concrete monster showed the scars of the realmcrash , their glass cracked or missing , some leaning towards their neighbours , one whose upper storeys had collapsed leaving a shape like an imploring hand , reaching skywards in desperation .
although the nyt is at times a questionable source , you'll find in reading the entire article extensive research and analysis of data and several telling anecdotal stories , all of which reinforce the central claim of the story- that the obama administration is engaging on an increased level in quid pro quo corruption where people trade campaign donations in exchange for access and policy decisions in their favor .
they might say that being a tomboy is bad ,
dear gentlefolk of newport
a few weeks earlier , 47-year-old jeannie stanley of nearby albion , ind . , was arrested on the same charges of practicing midwifery without a license . that investigation reportedly led to authorities discovering keeslarwordswordswordss practice as well .
3) add the mystery item to your cart
they both nod to each other and she fiddles with the chain .
you will be so lonely , thinking only of yourself
i felt genuinely sorry for it .
" you're too addicted to that game, " jessica said . " it's not healthy . "
itwordswordswordss all about location , angles and timing . this bench is a perfectly positioned gnomon on a sundial , a witness to an ordinary scene that becomes truly magical at one particular moment of the day . as evening arrives , the sun slides down the sky and bleeds into the horizon , slowly plunging behind the montmartre hill . the waves of rooftops glint in the dying orange and the sacre coeur , a building i don't even like , becomes shadowy antique splendour .
and so with middle age i was shocked as i stared
nice to see it addressed .
to get it all nice and foamy , i used my immersion blender but if you have a small milk frother then definitely go with that option .
mavin james was born and at the age of only 2 years following the positioning of his high chair near the piano , soon found he could master the theories of music . within a very short time original melodies were flowing from his toes and his future seemed assured . however the advent of shoes ruined this promising career and he was a has-been at the age of 2wordswords .
think carolers , christmas trees , stockings and you'll be on the right track .
you seem to be family guys , or people that rely on close connections ? is that true ?
he also caries a small bag it is all his belongings - he travels light .
bacon or ham (cook and crumble)
the man shot the bow & arrow and almost hit the boyfriend , somehow the boyfriend & girlfriend did not hear or notice the arrow hit the dock near them , and then the fake dashiexp looking man shot his weapon ; but he missed too , and it made a loud noise that caused the boyfriend & girlfriend to realize that someone shot at them and so the fake dashiexp looking man jumped into the water with a life vest on .
the korean peoplewordswordswordss army supreme command warned on monday that it will soon launch wordswordswordsspecial actionswordswordswords against south korea for what it called blasphemy against the countrywordswordswordss new leadership . it denounced south korean president lee myung-bak and some of the southwordswordswordss media reports for showing disrespect .
open your eyes and see godwordswordswordss beauty all around in the flowers , they range from all colors , shapes and sizes . this tells me god does not discriminate . all color creates beauty . look at the deep dark soil , this tells me that even the darkest things have beauty and purpose . look at the trees , they implant their roots and establish a firm foundation which cannot be moved . this tells me that if we root ourselves in god , we can withstand anything that comes before us .
iwordswordswordsm not an addict of the archers and the programme and the characters annoy and amuse me in less than equal measures . yet as a writer , i love playing the wordswordswordspredict-the-plotwordswordswords game and musing on what is being set up for future episodes .
london standard - wednesday 07 december 1898 , page 9.that's a lot of whisky . the increase in stocks - 32 million gallons - is 888,889 beer barrels . to put that into context , in 1898 2,055,000 (source : wordswordswordsa history of the brewing industry in scotlandwordswordswords by ian donnachie , 1998 , pages 147-148) barrels of beer were brewed in scotland .
steven greenhalgh was out this morning in walton vale with other teams out in kirkby town centre and in southport . reports are coming back that leaflets are running out fast with people taking them off the bnp members .
as liberally as to thy midwife show
a couple relaxes with glasses of wine , one resting on the sill , complemented by the exquisite air of warm evening , which has , after a long wet and cool spring , arrived at last . there's a canopy of trees overhead and the yellow-orange glow of lamps . everything is soft . pause on this corner with me and enjoy the soul of old new york . . .
good old fashioned white from the hardware store -- no name , just white -- right off the shelf . ;) i always use semi or high gloss on all of my moldings . i've used many different brands and don't find a big difference when it comes to glossy paint .
his birthday was last week , actually , so this post is a little belated , but my birthday is next week , so i split the difference and i'm calling this post's timing perfecto !
e : monkey joe's
obama will now have to defend his pro-death (abortion) policy before the kangaroo (supreme) court .
up asg-ish , down 1st saddle . horrible punchy , slippery windpack due to nearly 90mph gusts with lots of sand-blasting of exposed skin with ice crystals , courtesy of said wind gusts . tough morning on the mountain for sure . tossed in a minute or two of shuffle-running here and there on the descent . shin responded not completely unfavorably .
i just have no interest in being on the internet right now .
we need more hysteria . we need better effects . we need sean connery throwing a skyscraper at the meteor in question and shattering it into a million pieces . that's not what we got , but again , this isn't a surprise .
saving private ryan was so definitively a better movie in nearly every way .
as a goddess of the moon diana ruled over the light that influenced the crops and pregnancy in women .
those seamen were becoming desperate on that boat . some may have come to the very point of death and at such a time , onewordswordswordss life passes before him . they could see their past sin , wickedness and evil behaviour . when facing eternity they could see the futility of their pagan religion , the impotence of their false gods .
i was sitting in front of a blank screen with no ideas for this post , having just read an email from my father entitled ' magic' . why not , i thought ?
web site : www.newtek.com
11.deadline " stolen youth "
anyhow , what iwordswordswordsm saying is that possibly bogartwordswordswordss air of controlled menace was enhanced by his facial disability (i mean , the lip , i donwordswordswordst mean his homely face , although that obviously helped too) . therewordswordswordss something more powerful about a character who exerts intimidation without seeming to try . it has to be inherent .
it is sweetish-sour in flavor and crunchy in texture .
so what do you think ? ! leave a comment to sum up your feelings on this project ! what benefits have you found ! what is your giant printable wish list for me ? what do your family members think of all this household binder stuff ?
annually , people for education publishes reports based on surveys of secondary school principals , elemenatry school principals and school councils across ontario . the invition for school councils to participate is currently open , and the survey (and reports) can be accessed online via people for edwordswordswordss school survey page . or follow the links in jacqui strachanwordswordswordss message :
from the shenanigans in the boardroom (initiated by the departure of david dein) to the fact that our beloved , but ancient , assistant manager embarrassingly still takes the warm up (whilst forgetting the wordswordswordsspirit & characterwordswordswords that got him his 1971 double winnerswordswordswords medals) .
izzy told her want she wanted and this weekend she will present to us her drawings of her ideas for the cake
wordswordswordsthatwordswordswordss ludicrous!wordswordswords with all of the correct enunciation and emphasis that one should use for such a statement . she had also never used this word before , so it was quite the moment .
what are your experiences with birth ? at home or at the hospital ?
" robert and i have known each other since we were teenagers - he was in the year above me at school . apparently i gave him a folky compilation tape , but at school he was really cool and liked david bowie and guitar rock . we had an on/off relationship for many years before getting together about 20 years ago now and i think i gave him the tape when we finally got together . "
the essential bible companion / john h . walton , make l . strauss and ted cooper jr .
i went for a massage yesterday .
lawyers representing the 16 , who include police officers , lawyers and traffic officers , told sowetan yesterday that their clients were assaulted for no reason by the controversial unit .
so , consider this a plea for understanding and a sincere apology for letting this blog sink down on my to-do list . i never want it to seem like iwordswordswordsm upset about my life , because i know that i am lucky to have a job , an (almost) college education , and the amazing , if unconventional , family that i have . right now , iwordswordswordsm just a little overwhelmed with the responsibility that comes along with those privileges .
you donwordswordswordst need a magic wand to get this deal . all you have to do is call allure quest travel experience at 615-818-8241 or 615-336-8580 . or email us at alan@allurequest.com .
because there are some pretty fab prizes when you stop
for example , the public can check out a county clerkwordswordswordss web site and see whether prosecutors or defense lawyers have filed legal motions in criminal cases . but in most instances , those documents are not viewable on the internet . the actual documents must be viewed or purchased at the county clerkwordswordswordss office .
" what does being pro-life mean to you ? " the reporter asked me after the annual respect life mass at the cathedral in denver on saturday . (update : read the article here) .
the house of representatives and senate also considered adopting the stop online piracy act (sopa) and protect ip act (pipa) . these bills sought to entitle the us government to curb access to wordswordswordsrogue websiteswordswordswords that illegally uploaded intellectual property . the bills could effectively force search engines to remove these websites from search results , an action many private companies considered intrusive . many experts also argued the broad provisions of the bills could result in the censorship of millions of internet users if they simply fell suspect of copyright infringement .
crazy about lil justin
as per newtonwordswordswordss third law , the rod has to react to the force of the springs . this passes back from the rocker to the mount on the wishbone . in pushrods case , this reaction force is in the opposite direction to the force fed from the wheel into the chassis , the two offset each other . with pullrod the force from the rod and the wheel act in the same direction , this doubles the load in the upper wishbone and resultantly in the mounting the gearbox . this can be accounted for design and weight of the final wishbone design . however pushrod also has its structural problem , the pushrod when the suspension in in bump (wheel rising) the rod is in compression and would tend to bow outwards . the pushrod was the first suspension component to have carbon fibre cladding for reinforcement , again design and weight is needed to offset this load . suspension experts point out that pull rod suffers similar compression bending when the suspension is in droop (wheels falling) , but droop is considered less critical in wheel control , than bump . therewordswordswordss no one answer to which is best , you look at your design requirements and pick which solution works , best . next year the best car is not necessarily going to be the one with pullrod rear suspension .
sadly , the shade they recommended to me was out of stock , but i happened upon this little quirky beaut . the look beauty double hit lip (love the name!) in citrus kick (shade 002) .
1.) face detection : it is the detection of face and assigning the parts of the image as non-face or face .
pall over the annual gathering
with st . patrick's day creeping up on the calendar , i could not wait to share a few rare ska and reggae songs that the pogues are famous for playing as part of their varied live and recorded sets over the years .
hey everyone . . . .it's good to be back . where have i been you ask . . . ..no where in particular . ..just not here . i have been extremely busy . we purchased some merchandisers from a store closing and had to move all of that , as well as get it into my store . i have also had some health issues that have taken up a lot of my time lately . nothing too bad or that can't be corrected but i am having to completely change my lifestyle . this is very time consuming and i can only ask for your patience and prayers while i am making these adjustments . we haven't been getting a lot of new things in at the store as i have been trying to wait until we go to the trade show in chicago the last week of july . i want to save all of my money to get the new stuff so please again , bare with us . i cleaned up the back room last week and came across some pics of when we first opened and was amazed at how empty the store was . at the time i felt as is we had sufficient inventory but boy was i wrong . there is now not a square inch in the store that is not taken up . over the next few weeks we will be running several specials to clear out some of the older lines to make room for the new ones so be sure to stop in often . i thought i would post some pics of the flower beds outside as well as the store and some of our recent projects just to update everyone on the changes we are going through . i hope you enjoy and again , please be patient with me as await the new merchandise from the show and as i make some adjustment in my personal life .
all showered in alcohol , fake smiles and hormonal yearning ? spinning the lines and approaching from my shaded part of the web ?
supposedly recorded after a long , protracted nomadic existence spent bouncing from city to city and couch to couch culminating in a greyhound bus retreat to a home base of san francisco , a definitely feels like the work of a restless soul in search of anything that could possibly become familiar someday . wordswordswordsgee , itwordswordswordss good to be back homewordswordswords is alternately sentimental and sarcastic about his travails as he sweetly sings of how itwordswordswordss wonderful to be around old friends , but offers up the half-hearted description of his home as a place where you wordswordswordsdonwordswordswordst sleep , donwordswordswordst eat and donwordswordswordst drink the foamwordswordswords as a sad acceptance of the futility of this dark place and the excess it entails .
matt bomer is perfect
i had a fantastic day hanging out with themwordswordswords all day ! sat on the couch , cuddled with soren , pet the cat , chatted with kira , helped her pack up sorenwordswordswordss bedroom and watched about 14 episodes (iwordswordswordsm not kidding) of steven seagal : lawman . i actually enjoyed it ! dan brought us iced lattes in the afternoon and then we had arabic food for dinnerwordswordswords . yum ! an all around fun day !
i know i say this is the best book yet after each book of timwordswordswordss that i read but seriously dead flesh rocked it ! your favorite characters kiera , potter , kayla , and isador are back in timwordswordswordss new kiera hudson series and i couldnwordswordswordst be more pleased . i have been a fan of timwordswordswordss since reading his black hill farm almost a year ago and i have enjoyed watching him grow as a writer . the characters and plots get stronger and his writing gets darker and more intense with each book he publishes .
in this unseasonably warm winter , faux snow and christmas trees add a welcome holiday feel . within , it's a white , light , bright winter wonderland . fake fur throws cover ample sofas and warming rugs are tucked beneath each table in case you need something extra cozy under which to snuggle .
see , shewordswordswordss about to meet the rest of the gang , and hewordswordswordss worried about how theywordswordswordsd react . as barneywordswordswordss bro , ted takes an oath that he wonwordswordswordst reveal either this or how shewordswordswordss tricked barney in the past . bro + oath = wordswordswordsbroathwordswordswords .
i know the blog is largely neglected but i thought i'd give a more in depth update on what we have been doing . if i shoot for updates with seasons i just may be able to stay on track .
i love that . and i love to think of rain , forever fourteen in a little fictional town called hannesburg , kansas .

in 1982 , a human skull was found in the narmada excavation in a layer of volacanic ash between 75000 and 750,000 years old , closer to the 750000 boundary . it is either a homo erectus or a homo sapiens .
i told my father about these guys , and one day he met me after school so that he could see them for himself . now , i've written here before about what a people person my father was , how gregarious and charming he could be with others . and he wasn't looking for a confrontation per se . he just wanted to talk to eric and patrick . and he did .
i know youwordswordswordsre scared of what they could do
watching other parents has always inspired me . i tend to learn a lot from hearing how others interact , what they say , how they deal with a situation , etc . in the past few days , i've really run into a few parents that i realize really inspire me and if i could just hang out with them more , i think i'd be a better parent because of it ! :o)
(deliverance references)
kb swings (52/35)
1 existing
-1 cup toasted bread crumbs or soda-craker crumbs
a . audit and therefore look at the books to see what monies were actually received , from what account , for how much , and what were the deductions , or
11 . overcome them with love ; and then they will be loving to you , and consequently lovely . love will cause love , as fire kindleth fire . a good husband is the best means to make a good and loving wife . (9)
curtains open . there are two large (cardboard) flower pots centre stage (apparently empty) with a weed between them . weed knocks on each flower pot and bill and ben emerge .
1 . what tricks/techniques do you have to keep the things you bring home from school to a minimum ?
medicaid expansion :
good morning ! i am so honored , excited , and overjoyed to share my very dear friend jeanne oliver's new winter 2011 line , the coming home collection , with all of you! ! !
libby - obsessional home security , libby's canned meats including chicken vienna sausages , alcoholism via red wine .
you couldnwordswordswordst find your wordswordswordsnaughtywordswordswords in the mirror because it is buried deep inside your most important sexual organ wordswordswords your brain . we all hear about people being bored with their sexual lives . if this is your situation , i would suggest that you might want to turn off all devices you own that require electricity and stare off into wordswordswordsnaughty spacewordswordswords for about a week . it takes more than love to keep things fresh in the bedroom . it takes imagination ! ask your partner to do the same and then come back together and honestly compare notes . it may take a little courage but it is well worth it !
(before shot)
shoppers who were only willing to pay 50 cents for an item on the " dollar table " .
around this house , valentines are a bit boring ; they have become routine .
" phil dick didn't need a vast invisible satellite to explain away the fact that he finally started paying his bills and chasing his agent for slipped royalties . but it helped to think so . he suddenly " knew" , one day , that his son had some kind of undiagnosed physical defect and took him to get checked out . which is either knowledge from beyond or the sudden paranoia of someone who was both a famed nutcase and drenched in amphetamines and also wrote some of the most paranoid fiction of the 20th century . "
john's children
so , as awesome as mulan is , she isnwordswordswordst alone . disney has a number of strong , independent , lovely , and intelligent women . imagine all the gals (iwordswordswordsve been made fun of so much for using that word since iwordswordswordsve left montana) in this blog teaming up . i wouldnwordswordswordst want to get on their bad side . nobody in their right mind would . donwordswordswordst try to get in the way of their happily ever after . unless , that is one of the following fates sounds good to you :
would you
films that satirize police states are few and far between (sleeper , brazil) , usually depicting an exaggerated totalitarian system meant to warn us what could happen , but also to reassure us that we arenwordswordswordst there yet .
wordswordswordsthere are millions of less fortunate children in this world who donwordswordswordst have wonderful parents like you do.wordswordswords
(lordy what a tacky name . . . i want to call it " windows " or " stepping back " or something lovely . . . but the alliteration and the appointed day of the week are too organized for me to pass up . so flashback friday it is . ..)
chef mark wordswordswordszigwordswordswords zeiglerwordswordswordss culinary experiences began in high school by preparing his families meals with assistance from his mom over the phone as she owned and operated a pharmacy . these lessons became a passion as he pursued multiple restaurant positions while working his way through famu . these experiences culminated in the opening and operation of wing-a-licious restaurant in tallahassee , fl . after 12 years in residential and commercial banking and finance his passion for culinary arts called him back to the industry . he enrolled in school at the international art institute of atlanta to pursue a degree in culinary arts . in 2010 he established z sauce works , llc which specializes in gourmet prepared meals for busy families , full service catering for any occasion and healthy school lunch programs . he has participated in local culinary challenges and been awarded first place at wordswordswordsreal men cookwordswordswords , wordswordswordsgourmet gentswordswordswords and wordswordswordscelebrity chefwordswordswords challenges for various signature dishes . chef zig takes pride in providing wordswordswordsdivine dining for divine dinerswordswordswords !
we at book sake are big believers in reading . did that come as a surprise ? i doubt it . as a mom i've always held to the idea that my son needs to keep reading even when he's not in school , that means all summer long he's reading even more than he does during the school year . why ? because kids lose some of what they learned during the school year if they take time off from practicing those things . (well adults do this also.) my son has come home from school before thanking me for having him read as much as he does , now in the 9th grade - he is realizing that this is something that has put him ahead of his classmates . he has a bigger vocabulary and has an easier time with many of his classes and we both believe it's due to his reading skills .
the construction punch and back check has been a time consuming and often frustrating process causing delays and embarrassment . tablet pcs and mobile devices can make this faster and smoother . the bluebeam punch process is visual , mobile and easy with options to add photos to clarify the exact issue the inspector wants addressed , improving communication and eliminating confusion .
anyway , in the grand scheme of things , w.s.b was a wild man with words . ..his imagery is still surfacing in my dreams at times . . .
lost control reaction
which makes me think , maybe it is a boy ? ! ? !
of her and you canwordswordswordst help it , canwordswordswordst help but break
4.) when i was a kid , i was extremely afraid of getting robbed . whenever my mom and i would walk around the neighborhood , i would bring wordswordswordsweapons.wordswordswords my favorite wordswordswordsweaponswordswordswords were my toy spade and shovel (both were plastic) . thankfully , i donwordswordswordst do this anymore .
to be happy in jesus
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
hello ! i'm jessie and i blog over at our adventures in parenthood . the blog has become my main source of memory keeping and keeping family up to date . mainly what you'll find is recaps of our weekends (i live for the weekends these days) , lots of pictures , some milestones , some recipes and some random thoughts from me . i'm a full-time working mom of 2 little ones , brody is 4 and madelyn is 2 . i'm married to my high school sweetheart , heath . we've been together for over 11 years and married for almost 7 ! here is a peek into our day !
you have to let this cool down completely before mixing all the other ingredients .
already one
(nb : the below figures relate to criminal suspects for substantive offences wordswordswords therefore , it does not include , s136 mental health act ; breach of the peace ; court warrants ; etc . .)
i was in my glory , yesterday ! temperatures went from 50 wordswordswords 60 degrees on monday to 75 degrees , plus some , yesterday . perfect day to put on some work clothes and do some gardening !
melissa jost . ..heather gamble
one other aspect of thanksgiving that is relevant for christians is the way in which it affects our heart . now , when i write " thanksgiving, " i'm referring to the act of giving thanks , and not solely the holiday .
these shy , diminutive creatures are hunters and scavengers , about the size of a chihuahua , preying on any insect , reptile or mammal up to about the size of a rat , or feeding on the remains of any larger animals they may find . they are not particularly aggressive unless cornered , and will (if possible) flee from anything larger or more dangerous than their prey ; if they attack a larger creature , it will be solely so that they can escape , and they will not persist if an escape route presents itself .
so if you are going skiing in colorado , and you drink light beer , you won't be able to get it in a bar . all because some busybody reasoned that c-stores sell beer , teens hang out at c-stores , therefore , teens buy beer at c-stores .
piero nasuti
of all the breweries i toured in my three weeks in england , scotland , france , and belgium , rodenbach was the most awe-inspiring . every older brewery i visited discussed the balance between tradition and efficiency--such an important consideration for a commercial enterprise . rodenbach is off the charts in terms of the expense and inefficiency it takes them to produce a single bottle of beer . no modern company would or could consider the rodenbach model . the vats alone cost thousands (tens of thousands ? ) of dollars , never mind the cellar space . add to that the notion of vatting beer for two years--it's an absurdly expensive venture . and yet here the brewery is , putting beer in vats and then trying to compete in a marketplace where industrial lagers can be made for a tiny fraction of the cost .
if you are in doubt about how bad blogs can be , check out this little gem , which i found by hitting that " next blog " button . they discuss an " anti-semantic " (sic) chain letter from myspace . that's right , they are slagging off anti-semantics , when in fact , they are anti-semantic themselves . if only they were pro-semantic , they would know that what they mean to say , of course , is " anti-semitic . " the unintentional irony is killing me .
iwordswordswordsll tell ya where . in . between . my legs .
but to suggest such a thing as that would be almost as un-american as-well , as a typical american politician .
here's what i came up with today : using the tortilla concept that chocolatechic came up with earlier in the school year , i broke out the tortillas that have taken up permanent residence in the fridge . check ! one package used up . then i thought about nutella . (i always think about nutella , but today i decided to actually use it instead of eating it with a spoon on the sly.) what else do i have hanging around here ? nestle chocolate chips - monster sam's club size bag - check . cream cheese - check . and this other weird thing : about a third of a roll of sugar cookie dough . don't ask where the other 2/3 went . so that was in the freezer (it's harder to eat when it's frozen) and i thought that it might be good chunked up and rolled into the tortilla . check ! another thing used up . so , i stick the cookie dough in the microwave to defrost . guess what happens to cookie dough when you forget to check on it ? it melts and gets spreadable like peanut butter . woo hoo ! a happy accident for once .
we may have had a quiet week around here last week , but these two card makers stuck with the challenges everyday , and should be applauded :
is it the money they have ? the charities they sponsor ? the projects they orchestrate , fund and see through to its completion ? is it their values and morals about the world around us and how they interact in the world together ? or do we , their fans make them power couples just by being their fans ? iwordswordswordsm wondering if maybe we assign wordswordswordspowerwordswordswords where there really isnwordswordswordst any . like i said , i wonwordswordswordst name names , but one couple comes to my mind and when i heard the news they were separating , i felt true remorse for them and how they let their wordswordswordspowerwordswordswords come between them . iwordswordswordsve thought about this issue quite a bit , mostly because william and i both are always working , striving , planning , or orchestrating something both separately and together . we have jobs outside the home , we have our own home businesses , we have home projects , we our always looking for ways to not only improve our life together as a couple , but we truly want to improve the world in general . while wewordswordswordsre not millionaires yet , does our heart felt desires for improvement in all areas (financial , ethical , moral , spiritual) make us a power couple ?
if that involves recalling the actors and film crew then that would explain why it's now been scheduled to appear later in the year and can't be shown now .
iwordswordswordsd been meaning to cheer on the nyc marathon forever , but especially after helenwordswordswordss birth . like with labor day on eastern parkway , and halloween in park slope , i could see the brooklyn-ness of a new tradition develop : matt and anniewordswordswordss house on douglass street , mugs of hot coffee on fourth ave , waving at runners and posing for pictures . . . helen turned four . mason started talking . finally , with two mfa classmates running and helen wanting to make a rainbow sign , we decided this was the year to add another notch in our certifiably brooklyn belts .
gregory : and thatwordswordswordss another episode of
so , how did that all manifest , here , on sweet mother ? well , when i say that i wanted to attract a certain kind of person , here , i never sat down and created a list of traits that would make up my perfect reader . thatwordswordswordss not it at all . itwordswordswordss that i always wrote with a specific intention . i do not like the wordswordswordsdarkerwordswordswords side of the internet wordswordswords the side that harasses children (and adults) with abusive and trolling comments , hate speech , and a wordswordswordsgain followers at all costswordswordswords sort of mentality . i do believe you can be mind-blowingly funny while also wordswordswordsdoing no harm.wordswordswords maybe because wifesy is a doctor for little furry things that iwordswordswordsm such a lover of the hippocratic oath wordswordswords wordswordswordsdo no harm.wordswordswords i think i have learned to internalize that as a strategy for all my internet presences . that doesnwordswordswordst mean iwordswordswordsm never scathing . i like to scathe (can i say that ? ) when itwordswordswordss justified . there are many people who should be both scathed and then filleted . am i someone who should judge who and when ? yes . at least in this space , oh lord , yeees .
i grabbed his hand and placed it firmly in his palm .
wordswordswords for illustrations and photoillustrations , scan your artwork then follow photo specs .
spencer has also started going to sleep earlier at night . now instead of going to bed around 10:00 he is going down between 8:30 and 9:00 . it has been such a blessing for his momma , it give me a few minutes before bed to myself :)
the bible records that noah was descended from adam and that he lived for about a 1000 years . other extremely long lived people are mentioned in the bible too as they are in the puranas .
i hope you are all celebrating nye in style ! i am going to share a bottle of wine and watch the fireworks with my dear friend f from our veranda . posting will resume on the 2nd with the mmm roundup for the month of december , see you then !
speaking of baller , i finally got my christmas tree put up . and it wasn't anywhere near as tragic as last year's christmas tree dramz .
i've been thinking about the word " cheat " a lot in recent days . i heard recently a very disturbing story about academic dishonesty , where the student (not one of mine - and no one that i know) had gone to great lengths to protect his grade in order that he not be penalized . it included taking stuff from a teacher , burning a test , along with a few other things that were so shocking to me , i could only listen with my mouth agape .
so , the next morning we headed out to check out part of the natchez trace . i have wanted to check it out ever since reading about quite a few years ago . itwordswordswordss a modern road today , but it first began as an animal trail . it later became an indian footpath that linked tribes in a large region between what is today natchez , mississippi and nashville , tennessee . there are still come places where you can see parts of the original trace . itwordswordswordss pretty cool to think of all the feet over time that have traveled along the path .
16 . let it rock
i am entering this card into one challenge :
i came across this article on the telegraph online and decided i had to share it with our blog readers . there are some really interesting and great factwordswordswordss about scotland , some of which we didnwordswordswordst even know about ! an excellent fact file about scotland .
i tell you , nothing beats the aroma of an apple pie baking in the oven on a cold winter evening . and when i pulled it out of the oven , i felt as though i was pulling it straight out of the 50wordswordswordss . iwordswordswordsm sure the frilly red christmas apron i was donning may have had something to do with that , too .
i am so glad this designer paper is staying , twitterpad ! it is so pretty . i made this card using baja breeze and the new bitty banners framelits coming to you june 1 ! oh and wait till you use the new foam ink pads . ..you will fall in love ! the coverage is unbeatable ; can't wait till i can get more of the classic colors .
* bands
iwordswordswordsve never seen forrest gump . (iwordswordswordsve also never seen the wizard of oz . how iwordswordswordsve made all these years iwordswordswordsll never know.) but eveningwordswordswordss empire reminds me of what i know about it through cultural osmosis . this is , as bono puts it in a blurb on the back of the novel , wordswordswordsan alternative history of the sixties generationwordswordswords . while flanagan shies away from showing us the ravons interacting with other great british rock-and-roll bands (for instance , bowie is only mentioned in passing as a starstruck youth in a british club) , the ravons , through three very different careers , manage to hit almost every large event in rock-and-roll historywordswordswordsexcept live aid , which haunts emerson to this day . while a lot of it just makes sense for a lesser known contemporary of the beatles , i thought the ravonswordswordswords success with technology was stretching it a bit ; whenever the recording industry switches to a new format , the former ravons manage to always get out ahead . but for the most part , flanagan creates a very believable journey through the sixties to the aughts , with each decade retaining a distinctivewordswordswordsbut not stereotypicalwordswordswordsflavor .
this is a true story with thoughts mixed in .
well , the other day , i decided to play and try out their website . i have to tell you that this took me awhile , not because the website was hard to maneuver . to the contrary it was very easy to maneuver . it took awhile because they have hundreds - no , make that thousands , of cards for every occasion , every holiday , and just about anything else you might want to send a card for .
there's no doubt at all france produces a stunning array of foodstuffs - and its cuisine has contributed more than it's fair share to the global melting pot of national gastronomies . but the next time a french person makes a snide comment at eating habits in your home country , remind them that ' la pepperoni et cheese ' is fast becoming the french national dish .
emerson : close enough .
women : what about the parisian women ? quite the bag of ' tude eh ? or are we the ones who require re-wiring ?
on a sunday in february , i was feeling a little lazy when i got up . the kids where spending that weekend with their dad and i was dreaming of stating in my bathrobe and pjwordswordswordss all day long . i made coffee and went to go wake up my fiancwordswords and i found him wide awake . i usually have to call him a couple of times before he even opens his eyes . i said : wordswordswordswhy we donwordswordswordst just skip church this sunday ? wordswordswords wordswordswordswordswordswordsno no nowordswordswords , was his response and that should have been the first sign that something was up . hewordswordswordss the first one to want to have a lazy day . anyway , i slowly got ready , taking as much time as possible and still we were on time .
sheikh sayeed made the comments in an interview with the blog the samosa , before reiterating them later when contacted by the independent .
i am thinking about picking up these rubber tory burch flipflops . anyone own a pair ? i am looking for a casual pair of flipflops to wear with shorts and dresses this summer . i am digging the black and tan . they seem like the perfect summer sandal for a fraction of the cost of her other shoes .
i suggest if you make one of these that you don't reuse the tape for the second side . i did and since it didn't stick real well , i had some blotches to repair . i just used some acrylic paint that matched the drop cloth to fix the mistakes and put the flowers on the good side .
roasted almond flatbread
as a mom , i am always sticking my neck out for my kids .
only in white countries are we expected to believe that turks are germans ,
i primed and painted the cabinet boxes and had the doors sprayed by a painter . hardwood floors , new hardware and appliances finish it off for now . we saved a lot of money buying the fridge and stove from an outlet store .
the post at catholicvote is really disturbing , there is video of an #occupy goon taking a stolen statue of the blessed mother , smashing it down into the street and then stomping on it . the thugs broke into a church and in addition to stealing and destroying the statue , they also damaged doors inside the church and desecrated a crucifix there .
i have a big stash of size 6 , 8 and 11 seed beads in all colors just perfect for this project . i may try the bracelet project after called crossing paths by lisa twede or skip right to another favorite , cosmic crystals by deborah staehle . another luscious project i'm smitten with is april bradley's spring snowflakes .
3 . my ikea merete curtains have been deconstructed and pinned back together . they have been sitting on my family room ottoman for a good 3 weeks now awaiting my attention . at the very least , this weekend i will sew the 4 panels together into 2 super panels . if i'm feeling particularly ambitious , i may also take the stitch witchery to them with my grosgrain ribbon and try to get a little funkier look going . " funky look " to be defined later .
the research was supported by grants from the national institutes of health and national science foundation .
i used the " over the door " hooks because my cabinet doors are just too thin to screw it on . the instructions provided were very clear ! i had it put together in less than five minute and required no tools ! the hooks are padded very nicely on the inside so that it doesn't leave a mark on your cabinets and it also keeps the hidden recycler in place securely . my favorite thing about it is the bag ! the bag has a water proof liner similar to a wetbag for cloth diapers , and is machine washable !
james v . deblase , 45 , manalapan , n.j .
so what's in store for may ? i'll be back at the i heart market this month after a brief reprieve . come and visit me on saturday , the 5th may . then i have another gift wrap course running on saturday , 12th may and i have a teambuilding gift wrap course with investec on the 18th may . so much to look forward to !
my first little project was a snowman . first of all i must mention the fabulous ann pickard who is often on create and craft . all of these designs are hers and i have tried to follow her instructions in order to make these little christmas cuties . . . .practice makes perfect i guess ! so i used her techniques of making cones for body and arms and then a double cone so that his nose didn't fall out and just a disc for his scarf to keep it simple . i would ideally like to have done a different colour but was messing around with orange , black and white so just kept with that for the majority if what i made . what do you think ? honest opinions please . . . .any tips anyone can give me would be gratefully received !
despite the reluctance to get on board with personalized search , the report clearly illustrates that the reliance on search engines isnwordswordswordst going anywhere anytime soon . in fact , therewordswordswordss also a lot of data around the increase of mobile search . and that was a new thing not that long ago , as well .
i'll keep everyone posted on this .
now , my point , this evening she entered the pinecone candle wreath in nature crafts and her little felt hearts in hand stitching at the open class at our county fair . she is positutley delighted with this . i am so proud of her . i hope she will always enjoy crafting . it can give her a lifetime of joy .
kettlebell 25lbs
while in hot springs , arkansas we also went to a magic show .
hello friends ! i've been mia for about three weeks as life has been keeping me busy . my two kids have both been sick off and on for about a month , i did my first radio interview ever! , the weather has actually been decent for the first time in months and i've been working in the garden finally , and as usual i've been busy as ever with my urban homesteading activism and take back urban home-steading(s) facebook page . phew ! we completed our greenhouse and chicken coop , so you could say we've been busy bees around here . to get you up to speed here is a quick re-cap of what's been going on around the alexander homestead :
maybe iwordswordswordsm selfish
christmas hexipuffs .
some craft foam rainbow colored strips
friday april 2
wow what a year !
gail simmons is an accomplished chef , television show host , food critic , food judge , and magazine editor . she's gets to do everything she loves : eat , travel , write , and cook . it wasn't an easy road to where she is now and in her memoir , she shows us readers that you really do have to work from the bottom up . even those famous people you see on tv now , had to start as dishwashers , line cooks , or interns .
ready to take a trip back in time decades before paris hilton and lindsey lohan grabbed all the headlines of the entertainment tabloids ? the names have changed , but the subject matter is the same : celebrity gossip based on here-say and half-truths with a pinch of straight out lies . the content seems a little less sleazy , but , as you'll see , the ads are a lot filthier than anything you'd find in a grocery store checkout line today . so , enjoy a selection of articles and ads from screen and tv album from march 1978 .
phil pringle
1 1/2 teaspoons grated lime zest
still cries before dawn by the out key hole
richard taylor / from eyelight / 100
other than my desire for a drastic life change , nothing really excited is going on around here , just trying to find new and innovative ways to keep my students from eating snow during my lessons . hope all is well . we miss you all and would love to see family and friends very soon , but we know our work here is far from done . pray for us ! till next time .
he took us around back to our bungalow down the road and recommended some local restaurants before saying goodnight . we fell asleep as soon as our heads hit the pillow , but the next morning i went around and snapped some more photos of the place .
here i am , as i promised . . hosting my first international giveaway . . .
christians must come to the conclusion that government is more like depravity management than it is the direct arbiter of godwordswordswordss divine justice . governmental attempts at justice will reflect our inherent personal desire to see rights and wrongs acknowledged and will hopefully display the importance god places on human responsibility to uphold moral principles and the rule of law . but at best , it can only restrain sin . it cannot stop it and it cannot cure it . we are broken and desperately need fixing . as j . budziszewski puts it in his book , the revenge of conscience , wordswordswordsnot only are we broken , but we canwordswordswordst repair ourselves.wordswordswords government and its laws do not offer any hope of a remedy for the problem . thatwordswordswordss where jesus comes in . he says a lot about sin , but by his mercy and his grace and with his death , he conquers it . he does address the reality of our brokenness and he is the only one capable of correcting our deformities . that is a task too great for any government to accomplish .
my being trembles of delight
(old as he was , his gray eyes yet shone out in battle like stars,)
types of etfs
for the past several years , i have celebrated chinese new year in my classroom . my school has a decent number of chinese children , and i always have a couple in my class . their faces light up when they find out we are spending the day learning about their culture .
yes , i was spoiled as a child . but , i am happy to say i did not turn out into one of those greedy , have to have everything adult . actually , i live pretty frugally . i recycle/reuse . i make many things instead of buying them . and when i do buy stuff , i never pay retail ! i think i turned out pretty good for being spoiled .
wednesday is my grocery-shopping day , so after spending way too many hours sitting in front of a computer i drag my exhausted ass to the local store and buy a weekwordswordswordss worth of groceries .
people always ask me about the places iwordswordswordsve beenwordswordswordswhat my favorite country waswordswordswordswhat the most beautiful thing iwordswordswordsve seen iswordswordswordswhere was the best foodwordswordswordswho had the nicest people ? iwordswordswordsve been to a lot of countries and seen a lot of things , but iwordswordswordsm not naive enough to think iwordswordswordsve seen it all , there is so much more out there that i havenwordswordswordst even come close to experiencing . but i certainly can share my experiences to date , let you know what i thought , how i felt and if i would ever go back . i donwordswordswordst doubt your experience might be different than my own , it is what you make it and want it to be . that is the beauty of traveling , people can all go to the same place and have a different experience than the next person . so let the pictures do a lot of the talking , and see what you want to see . i hope you enjoy looking at this as much as i enjoy reliving it .
the shimmy showcase begins at 7 p.m . at the coffee haven in long beach (1708 e . broadway -- 562-437-3785) .
wow , ywordswordswordsall are really putting me to work with these questions ! iwordswordswordsm actually in the process of creating my own unique hng superhero costume for comic con so itwordswordswordss funny that you asked this . princess trek has been a nickname of mine for about , ohhwordswordswords15 yearswordswordswords.so iwordswordswordsll go with that as my name in lieu of hng . iwordswordswordsd love to be able to fly . i dream a lot and at least half the time i have the ability to fly . super healing would be great too . iwordswordswordsm thinking iwordswordswordsd like a couple of badass katanas as well . my weakness would be the sun . i have sensitive eyes and the sun gives me headaches so iwordswordswordsd need to have an awesome visor as part of my outfit . itwordswordswordsd be cool to work for the government , like gi joe or shield and defend the us (and world) against supervillians and terrorists .
so the victory is not in self-improvement , but in the opposite of it : the son was sent into the world to die willingly , not in an attempt to dethrone the father ! when death came near , a death that would not only be his own , but a death like dying billions of deaths at once , a death for others , he was honest about his human feelings : wordswordswordsif it is possible , let this cup of suffering pass bywordswordswords , but heart in heart with his father wordswordswordsnot my will , but your will be donewordswordswords .
although my grandma died over a decade ago , it's interesting to me to now own the china that she selected herself as a young woman so many years ago . to see which style appealed to her when she was choosing her china pattern .
the old lady had clearly saved every card she'd ever gotten in her life . . . .kind of like i do .
after the last couple of reviews have been about pale ales and an ipa thought is was time for a good proper stout review ! this dark beauty comes from coopers in south australia and has been my favorite stout for many years mainly due to its great availability throughout australia and abroad . it also sparked my interest in seeking out heavier beer styles with floatie bits and as a result more unique craft beers .
these cards are vintage in nature , but there was one off my nebulous 9 list that is not .
my mother-in-law is quite literally on her death bed .
starring : tilda swinton and john c . reilly
check out that gallic shrug ; he was the quintessential frog .
so be encouraged today . you are standing on holy ground .
but i finally conquered my fear and took the plunge .
the wind shaped emmawordswordswordss dark hair into softly waving tendrils and she brushed them away from her face with the back of her hand . she shifted and the frozen dewdrops clinging to the grass crackled under her feet .
from there we needed to know where god was calling us to . so we began to put everyonewordswordswordss scripture verses on the board . once all of these were on the board , we began to see a pattern . there were verses that kept repeating , themes that came up again and again . we began to see a picture of where god was calling us to . there were many things in our wordswordswordsfuture storywordswordswords that needed to be done , but they werenwordswordswordst being done . through these verses we could now begin to see that god was saying to us : wordswordswordshave faith in me , do big things , reach out to people , make sacrifices.wordswordswords those were the themes that kept reappearing , and itwordswordswordss what lead leadership to begin to tackle some of the wordswordswordsbigwordswordswords things within their future story (long range plan) .
and high and far from a distant star ,
my dear friend dave is actually in dublin right now to run the dublin marathon . he travels around to different parts of the world running marathons . i would like to do that too ! except i'll replace marathons with bakeries . so , note to dave . ..if you see some cadbury milk chocolate chunks , pick up a few bags for me ! ;)
the new act debuted at proctorwordswordswordss fifth avenue theatre in 1918 , but a single pan in variety sent him tumbing back to small time . (allen insisted it was because he refused to buy an ad) . over the next four years , allenwordswordswordss career would see-saw heartbreakingly between big time and small time .
at the end of my birthday week
your wishes make everything cataclysmic
i've been exploring the idea of rituals and traditions myself lately . not so much in an unschooling context , but in a personal context . and just as i'm wondering how to answer those yearnings of my soul for more recognition and celebration of the wonders and joys in my life , andy comes to me with the same yearning . now i find myself learning about winter solstice traditions which , i'm sure , will lead us to explore other rituals and traditions in that same swirly way all our conversations around here lead into each other . we discussed why we've continued to observe some christmas rituals , even tho i walked away from christianity 8+ years ago , after a heartfelt practice of 17 years as a true believer . andy has never considered himself to be a christian , and leans much more towards buddhist concepts .
in the passive hydraulic unit , the fluid is displaced not from one chamber to another , but via pipes through a valve block and into the opposite hydraulic unit . how the upper and lower chambers are interconnected left to right make the system react differently to inputs from the suspension . these being a resistance to roll or heave .
wordswordswordstheywordswordswordsre coming back,wordswordswords said readerwordswordswordss digest writer malcolm mcconnell , who has covered 10 launches . he and several other reporters started running , planning to make their way to the landing strip several miles away where the shuttle was to return in an emergency . there were confused shouts , swearing , a short scream .
may overcomes fire ,
it was a very hot summer morning in kolkata . sahana couldnwordswordswordst wait to get going . we were going to visit my university . she wanted to see my university and i needed to get my transcripts so i decided to take her . the trip started inauspiciously , as we witnessed a relatively harmless auto accident . i could tell she was shaken up a bit . it was a short bus ride to the college yet the girl was drenched in sweat and red in the face . we got off and entered the gate ! i was immediately transported back twenty years . it was almost surreal that i was there at my alma mater not as an eighteen year old but as a mother ! i could almost see the twenty year old me with dangling earrings , long hair tied in a plait , maroon t-shirt , blue jeans sitting on the steps with friends contemplating whether it was alright to cut the next class and go to the canteen instead ! the young people going around us in groups talking , laughing , teasing each other was us , about twenty years ago !
i will just warmly recommend it to you . you wonwordswordswordst regret it .
the fleer focus set is a set that i collected a bit of back when it was new . ..and i really liked it ! the box has plenty of neat cards , including :
apple - 1 apple , cored and minced . i used dried apples from my mcintosh tree after pulsing them in the food processor for a bit .
it's not my habit to write long posts and this one is already quite big enough so i'll end with a final favorite quote from ishmael :
you will have the chance to follow the debate surrounding the portrait of the renaissance woman . the debate is quite intense between those who believe the portrait was created by leonardo da vinci and those who do not . you will also be immersed in the world of art mystery and discover the actual techniques that experts use to identify a paintingwordswordswordss origin and creator . put you knowledge to the test and learn alongside these expert art investigators .
also , if a new war breaks out , the rules are going to be quite different . in 2006 , the idf was ordered to avoid attacks on lebanese installations whenever possible , giving hezbollah a major advantage because they were able to hide rocket launchers , arms caches and fighters in civilian areas and in lebanese government buildings . these days , hezbollah essentially controls lebanon , and the israelis have made it quite clear that if hezbollah attacks israel again , it's going to be a war between israel and lebanon . and based on the israeli realization of the fiasco that occurred with unsc resolution 1701 and unfil , this time hezbollah may not be rescued by a ceasefire , something iwordswordswordsm sure hezbollahwordswordswordss leaders have considered .
there was this shrimp alfredo dish that was soooooo yummy ! and then there was turkey ziti ! lord have mercy that dish melted in my mouth , it wasnwordswordswordst right , it was so good . everything was homemade and tasted like it . i love that .
the moral of the above stories , however , have nothing to do with criminality .
en 1955 se publica ' coast concert' , con la presencia del trombonista jack teagarden . en noviembre de 1956 formarwordswords un sexteto para actuar en el voyager room del henry hudson hotel en la calle 57 , tocando un amplio repertorio que incluye dixieland , bop , cool jazz e incluso " mood music" . a finales del verano 1957 , el grupo se embarca en una gira por los estados unidos y canadwordswords . de aquwordswords has ta el final de la dwordswordscada de los 50 realiza diversas grabaciones para capitol (the gotham jazz scene , jazz ultimate , at the embers , blues with a kick) , con un grupo que incluye al pianista dave mckenna .
this one day course is designed to provide practical advice on evaluation and how to collect the information needed to assess how successful a community-based initiative has been .
mylune : i wouldnwordswordswordst want the other poor letters to feel like i donwordswordswordst love them too !
i think not !
last year i didn't give duit raya as i only started working , but alhamdulillah , i've made up this year ! my gandmas , aunts , uncles and young cousins were very excited to receive them from me ! hehee ! we were very joyous on hari raya , and i felt like such an adult . especially after giving my parents their duit raya !
since i woke up this may morning from a dream about attending a meditation session , the logical choice is to start my day writing a post that reflects uponwordswordswordswellwordswordswordspreservation . two weeks ago i wrote about the alwyn vincent project . to quote the site , wordswordswordsshewordswordswordss finally out,wordswordswords and on the steel wheels wordswordswordsn rails of a synchrolift .
so that leaves the wordswordswordsreggaewordswordswords road . and this is where i personally see poly styrene coming into her own . title track wordswordswordsgeneration indigowordswordswords is without doubt the highlight on the first half of the album . the slow , deliberate beat , the slight reverb and general dub atmosphere is given a slightly more commercial feel by attaching a catchy-as-hell chorus . wordswordswordscode pink dubwordswordswords has distorted , spoken vocals accompanied by a dub backing , while wordswordswordscolour blindwordswordswords picks up the pace a little and makes me think of something that perhaps gorillaz would have done .
it had 3 narrators , which was a bit confusing at times , but i still liked all of them .
like , from a million years ago ?
mike cangi : 215-642-0693
point to note : one phone call i received enquiring about this from the network . the guy asks me to explain everything! ! i asked if they every maintained any logs of calls!! ! frustration mounts if you have to explain each time about the issue & the history ! i asked him sarcastically if kanchipuram was chennai . he goes i donwordswordswordst know i am from gurgaon . told him donwordswordswordst care if he were from timbuctoo but i needed the correction done on my bill (which can be produced as proof of address for any official purpose) . he does not even bother to cover up he tells his colleague in hindi that i speak too much ! i responded back in hindi saying anyone would if they went through what i do to get my address right ! he continues to his colleague wordswordswordsyeh madrasi hindi janti hai!wordswordswords . limits ! and these people teach us phone etiquette!! ! !
last weekend , my youngest daughter and i walked to the local branch of the public library . it was a good bit of exercise , and we had some books that we needed to return . we decided to look around for a book to read , and both of us liked the look of a new one called story of the titanic by steve noon . with the centennial of the shipwordswordswordss sinking , and the re-release of the film by james cameron in 3-d , therewordswordswordss certainly no lack of interest in this subject .
whether it was turning right from the left-hand lane of a four-lane street or attempting to merge their bus into a three-inch gap , peruvians wave their hand in a wordless display that can be roughly translated as , wordswordswordsi am about to do something incredibly silly , reckless , and/or dangerous . by waving my hand , you have been warned and i am absolved from all liability for what will occur in the next five seconds.wordswordswords
luke 21:36 watch ye therefore , and pray always , that ye may be accounted worthy to escape all these things that shall come to pass , and to stand before the son of man .
wordswordswordsthey talk about principles , about fighting for democracy but this does not seem to be a practice in the party,wordswordswords he said .
we have several theories of what's causing the elevated level . we are pumping him full of water today to see if it's simply dehydration . it could be because he just came off of his prednisone . the tricky thing about prograf is that anything and everything can make this level unhappy . it's kind of a pain in the butt to be honest .
sitting here sorting laundry and watching law and order : criminal intent reruns , i am inundated with tv ads for countless cheapy tech schools that offer various vague degrees in " management " and so on . they invariably feature an almost-middle-aged woman of color who looks triumphant and borderline-weepy as she graduates , all while talking about making life better for her children . they know exactly who is unemployed right now , and they have geared these endless commercials for the tech college racket , specifically to them .
jesus was letting the religious order of the day know that the thing originally intended by this scripture was about to be accomplished . and , it would be accomplished in/by/through him .
i decided to make ' three wishes ' at the beginning of 2012
851 d-iii/22/1983 . on issues of the day . interview by irving ward-steinman . kobs-radio , alexandria , louisiana .
high towers
wordswordswordskiera hudson wordswordswords dead angelswordswordswords book two , coming soon !
so , that being on its way , i am going to be going into north idaho college on tuesday to take my compass test and see what my next step is . i think itwordswordswordss going to be waiting to hear about my test results and then meeting with an advisor . hopefully an advisor can help me nail down the courses i need to take in the next 1.5-2 years so i can achieve my aa and move on to a bigger university . hopefully there will be classes open , and available for me to be in . i really really want to be able to take 14+ credits each semester , actually iwordswordswordsd really like to take 20 or more but wewordswordswordsll see how many openings there are . if itwordswordswordss not available for this spring semester , you can be damn sure i am registering quickstyle for the rest and getting as many credits as possible . i want to get the ball rolling . i know i am doing this for ronan , for maya , for the children of the future . the ball has been rolling so fast with rockstar ronan and all that maya is doing , i know the ball will roll just as fast on the things i am doing . i am following this crazy destiny of mine , and i can actually see where i will be when i am finished with school . when i have my degree , i can see myself in hospitals , helping children . i can see myself in front of crowds , raising money for foundations , for research , for whatwordswordswordss important . i can actually see it . like i am watching a movie . i know itwordswordswordss going to happen . and knowing that , damn , itwordswordswordss so exciting . itwordswordswordss exhilarating . itwordswordswordss like extra life gets breathed into me .
as much as i talk about and complain about and dread the heat and humidity of the minnesota summers , i love how the harp sings in the moist air . the ring is more mellow , the sound fuller , rounder . the strings are so grippy and satisfying to pull . summertime music-making at its best .
however there is also a paradox built into the general understanding of documentary form that inhibits the full freedom and potential for something new to emerge . it is the common understanding of documentary as somehow representing reality wordswordswordsas it iswordswordswords . even if there is an acknowledgement that the film is always different from the events that were captured,(due to editing as well) the assumption remains that a reality in documentary should resemble more or less the reality outside the film world .
watercolor (9 " x 12")
you younger whippersnappers will scoff at this , call it a load of guff , or you would if you knew what guff was . but the veterans amongst us know the truth . rust is essential to economic regrowth .
i`m trying to make clean and simple cards as it is a challenge for me do not use any flowers or any more embellies!!!! ! lol
we have been conditioned by the media and our families and our peers to think this way .
finally xi halted . they stopped in front of a series of fallen arches and crumbling walls . judd recognized the grounds and some of the friezes were undamaged . wordswordswordsdo a scan,wordswordswords said judd .
tucked in on the end of a short side-road off khoa san is the thai restaurant , tom yum kung . seating is an open court-yard under strings of lights while gentle music sets an elegant but laid back tone . the food is downright splendid fresh , tasty and best of all , served with a genuine smile .
one of the most important is that a wsi franchise does not prohibit you from taking on other work . are you an aspiring writer looking for more time in your day to pursue your passion , but not ready to take the plunge into living on your writing fees alone ? a wsi franchise allows you to control your schedule so that you can balance work and your passion on your terms , not someone elsewordswordswordss .
if the nhs , already under attack , has to make cuts they should be slashing it and management budgets , not medication and front line medical staff budgets .
and you certainly donwordswordswordst wordswordswordsget overwordswordswords the significance and importance of these dates in your relationship .
back row ; such riches to choose from . dusautoir , harinordoquy , parisse , ferris , croft and morgan . there'as a real case for croft before warburton because of injuries - but for me its got to be the three welsh boys , warburton , falatau and especially lydiate (wales all the way)
arguably being one of the most important elements of a story , dialogue is also one of the most difficult things to deal with . itwordswordswordss hard to know when a character should speak and what he or she should say . it gets even harder when a second character with an entirely different personality is required to respond to the first character . for some , dialogue is by far the most harrowing of all storytelling necessities and so the temptation is to avoid it altogether , giving the reader nothing to hold onto but ongoing exposition .
backed with/hanger black & cream ticking ~
itwordswordswordss been known to happen on occasion , but because my parents wouldnwordswordswordst buy a gaming system for my brother and i when we were little i somehow manage to suck , but on very rare occasions pull of brilliant moves .
cat and bones are back at it and their relationship only got stronger in this book . with cat finally realizing leaving bones to do her own thing , thinking shewordswordswordss saving him , is never the answer . which by the way , thank god ! iwordswordswordsm done with her doing that , they are at their best together . this book is high on the romance between cat and bones and i couldnwordswordswordst have loved that more . as well we get to see all the other characters , as well as kira and denise . kira is mencheres love and denise is not only catwordswordswordss bff but spades love ! if you havenwordswordswordst read their books you should ! the night huntress world books are fabulous !
what makes something uniquely and universally beautiful ? why does it seem that of all the attributes of god , this one is relegated to subjectivity more than any other ?
this is one of my favorite posts . i remember sitting on my sofa and feeling like i just had to write . in that moment , i embraced creativity and began writing again .
pierced earring backs , flower head pinswordswordswords
10 . you got a reputation
pour strained liquid into a small ice cream freezer or sorbet maker and freeze . serve as soon as sorbet is fully frozen , or pack in ice or the freezer for an hour .
add the bread to the bowl of your food processor and pulse until you have coarse crumbs . transfer to a measuring cup - you should have about 3/4 cup of crumbs . wipe the bowl of the food processor out , then add the shrimp . carefully pulse just until you have a mixture of finely minced and coarsely chopped pieces , about 7 pulses . add the breadcrumbs and shrimp to a large bowl but do not mix yet .
i had some . . . some kind of rash or something . i was covered in nickel and quarter sized welts . they were thick , raised , and bright red .
this was a birthday present and i love it . i also bought the grey cushion covers as i didn't want it all matchy-matchy and the charcoal round cushion .
i started getting sick .
i know , i know , two posts in one day ? well , i made it into the writer's voice competition !
i believe that much of the pleasure gained by readers of such stories , of all ages , flows from the recognition of wordswordswordstruthswordswordswords that they have wordswordswordsknownwordswordswords for a long time . jung with his collective unconscious , freud with his archaic remnants and those faiths which accept the notion of reincarnation , all say in their own way that we are born with an inheritance of ancient knowledge embedded in us . i think my book , tales for great grandchildren , reflects that .
i donwordswordswordst claim to be an expert on potty training , on child behavior , or even on parenting . after really thinking about the mechanics of potty training , here are what i see as the factors that have to be taken into account :
we see so much violence in the media , that we cannot help being influenced by it , but not only that wordswordswords acts of violence are such common place that most people are no longer shocked when hearing about brutal acts , and simply turn the page on another murder and another massacre , to the point that violence is almost dehumanized .
here's two sample transactions i did today
zaatar is the spice mix which really makes this dish . we wanted a mediterranean , middle-eastern flavor to this vegetable kugel to compliment our ashkenaze-focused meal . this particular zaatar spice mix is a jordanian blend , but there are many other types of zaatar blends you can buy in middle eastern markets of different ethnicities .
the texture in a drawing is aided by the choice of paper or canvas . all papers have a textured surface due to the fibres or the mold used in making the paper .
it's no secret that i'm not averse to divey bars or sketchily run places and kind of get a certain kick out of them . but , i am averse to paying cocktail prices way beyond what the experience merits . while the sneaky smoking area might pull in a certain clientele , the cocktails here will not . i can see it drawing a crowd of ironic hipster wanna-be's and patrons who are impressed enough by a change of pace from the common parisian bar decor to be fooled into thinking it's something more than it is . but , for me , i'd rather have the zov ilicha in russia . at least they had naughty pictures on the wall for entertainment !
2) the tertiary characters arenwordswordswordst much better .
don't forget that you can check out the newly released " retired stamp sets " list at my online stampin ' up ! shop . just click here and you'll go straight there . there are also lots of goodies still available on the " clearance rack " there too . stop by . . . ..you'll be glad you did . :-)
so , step one : i sanded . . most often if a piece is in good condition without chipping paint , i will prime right away without sanding . in this case , there were several chunks of paint missing that would have left little pot holes . also , i was curious to see what kind of wood was hiding underneath there in the event that i decided to stain instead . i used an electric sander on all flat surfaces without any details (the top , and drawer fronts) . i used very fine sand paper and hand sanded all other areas that were rounded at all . i completely avoided the hand carved detailing . if sanding is necessary on ornate details , you can use steel wool .
itwordswordswordss an odd thing , forgiveness , people donwordswordswordst seem to realize it takes strength to forgive someone . itwordswordswordss not just a word . itwordswordswordss much more than that . itwordswordswordss about acknowledging the mistake , remembering it , and letting go of it . donwordswordswordst be angry about it , but to accept it and say , wordswordswordsitwordswordswordss okay.wordswordswords
sukkot is a holiday in which we pray for rain and return to nature due to our commitment to environmental preservation and the preservation of our resources which ensure our existence . in the sukkah we experience the temporary nature of our existence and are forced to act responsibly towards the coming generations . it is a wonderful time in which we conclude that our security does not lie in our strength , protection , or our egos , but rather in a life filled with values and respect for human life and honor , as well as a commitment to values , justice and morality .
welcome to cookie friday! ! !
i'll continue to wear the beanie though .
but the truth is , mei was never alone . never once .
wordswordswordsyes,wordswordswords he said . wordswordswordsmaybe a puppet , or a special toy , or maybe just a stuffed animal you loved very much . did you have a special friend like that , tom ? wordswordswords
what's better than tasting the sweets without getting loaded down with sugars ! ?
here is darcus howe being interviewed by the bbc . with the benefit of hindsight he foresaw these riots coming and it is all because the police have been stopping and searching young black men like his ' angel ' grandson for no reason at all .
. ..and i love the little ' hairy bits ' that i found in it while felting . :)
food is an important part of culture . the definition of culture can be summed like this ; culture is the product of a group of people who share common attitudes , values , goals , and practices which results in certain knowledge , belief , and behavior . now youwordswordswordsre asking where does food come in to the picture . everywhere , iwordswordswordsd say . food is not only wordswordsputting gas into your enginewordswords , but also a way to socialize . it is influenced by religion . what you eat is to some extent decided by where you live .
or do you prefer to fly (or do you prefer to have everything and be illuminated)
oops . i guess i should have checked first if the detective cha trailer was available before posting sung yuriwordswordswordss stills .
sunday morning (wallace stevens)
as a reminder , we have just posted a flashback friday challenge and you have ' 2 weeks ' to complete the challenge . all entries should be uploaded by midnight pst on friday , august 12th . good luck to you all , i can't wait to see the entries for this fun challenge .
steven madden licenses the brand to a number of companies across categories such as shoes , swimwear and intimate apparel . ms . johnson is expected to go work with steven madden , a person familiar with the matter said .
van zyl koos and retha , 64 and 66 , 2010-01-07 murdered tortured on meathooks , farm poortjie steynrust senekal , free state.http://www.volksblad.com/content/suid-afrika/nuus/2114/22cb0da821d84605847d51694aaa05e3/09-01-2010-05-33/lur_skryf_wrede_moorde_toe_aan_morele_verval_http://www.beeld.com/content/suid-afrika/nuus/1928/ef6ae0259840479d8107ebdd0f1d1a0f/09-01-2010-01-33/vleishaak-aanval_ontstelde_boere_ruk_op_by_hofverskyning
" well you know what , pinterest ? i'm giving her the store bought kind . with it's artificial colors and all! "
2 . see the collection of my eight political-philosophic letters on wordswordswordsiran : revolution and counter-revolution,wordswordswords written between nov . 13 , 1978 , and sept . 25 , 1981 , and translated into farsi by iranian revolutionaries . see also english translation of the introduction to the farsi edition of this pamphlet on the afro-asian revolutionsby raha , which was printed in news & letters , august-september 1983 . of the many crises in the middle east , the most horrifying is the disintegration and destruction of lebanon , which began even before israelwordswordswordss genocidal 1982 invasion . i am referring to the 1975-76 civil war . see my political-philosophic letters of 1976 , especially letter number 6 , wordswordswordslebanon : the test not only of the plo but the whole left.wordswordswords (news & letters , detroit , mich.)
i canwordswordswordst understand wordswordswords . i can be quite obtuse at times i know , but for me the dalil (proofs) of having to put the headscarf are so many so why canwordswordswordst we women still accept it easily ? why still an issue ?
1 cup brown sugar
this makes the new york times appear to be very expensive . however , the wall street journal is $3.99 a week , or $207.48 a year . strangely , the economist , a weekly is $126.99 a year for print and digital , or $126.99 for just digital . go figure .
this time the city offered him $16,000 to reopen the street , which he and his lawyer fought until his death in 1840 , by drowning , of all things . (one wonders if it was an accident , considering all the trouble he caused) . most of the money , which was awarded to his wife and daughter , went to pay fees to his lawyer .
are we in danger of becoming the next fad for the newly rich ? after all craft beers , some of which are quite strong do tend to be sold at a premium because of the govt's ridiculous duty rates on beers over 7.5% abv . let's not forget all the tax we have to pay getting the beer into the country and the vat rises that we're currently seeing .
housing projects are an architects everyday business . housing is one of the really big architectural challenges as it more than many other tasks directly represents an idea of being and enabling to unfold and arrange . the society and social implication of architecture is the most direct while designing how the individuals life their everyday lives .
the year was a blank canvas , and god filled it up with every color that he ever created .
reknowned for both its richly layered , dark alternative music and its adrenaline-drenched , dynamic live shows , bella morte has built a very loyal and devoted underground following . with beautiful death , the band's growth over the last twelve years makes itself more apparent in the album's cohesiveness and strength in songwriting .
before i begin , please note that i used all items from around my house . i'm limiting myself from new projects/crafts until i can make use of what i have . this pressure to use things i own has made me more creative . i was just gonna hang this frame alone on my wall and put a moss letter in there , instead i got sick of staring at the left over foam from my chair redo- (since i paid full price , i didn't throw away a single scrap of the foam . ..) and thus , this project was born . . . ! !
a lot of folks canwordswordswordst understand how we came to have an oil shortage here in our country .
he is extremely awesome , and so much more ! he is way beyond the ordinary in size and scope ! he , is beyond heroic in his deeds ! he is far beyond wordswordswordsmajestic and impressively greatwordswordswords !
when my mom told me to look outside for my present , it gave me reason to believe that i would be getting a pony , which was at least nine times better than roller-skates . i was so ecstatic about the possibility of getting a real , live , ride-able animal that i temporarily forgot where the door was and began pinging around the house like a gnat on meth .
jessica drew herself up to her full height of five feet , six inches and stood with her legs braced apart , her hands fisted on her hips . she was prepared to do battle .
i wish i had the day off . i would love nothing more than to sit and write all day . the rain inspires me . i have no clue why !
the first thing we hear right out the gate is the music of norbert verrone , a man who clearly knows a thing or two about programming a drum machine (i liked how his drum machine sounded ethnic at times , if you know what i mean) . but if that wasn't enough , golden temple amazons provides moving pictures to go along with the film's audio output . yeah , that's right . the film utilizes the visual and the audio end of the sensory spectrum simultaneously . now , you would think , judging by my description , that golden temple amazons contains all the necessary properties that go into making a well-rounded piece of filmed entertainment . frankly , that's not the case at all . in fact , to call golden temple amazons merely a " film " is an insult to cinema . no , what we're dealing with here is a life-affirming work of staggering artistic importance , and anyone who tries to tell you otherwise , ain't hooked up right .
it is thus no wonder that the woman (church) who rides the 1st beast (one-world religious system) is referred to in the last book in the bible as :
3 state
it erases the tragedy iwordswordswordsve seen .
iwordswordswordsm still a bit lost for words at this . i canwordswordswordst quite get my head around the necessary sequence of events . first , this person must have experienced a feeling of crushing disappointment at realising that a character shewordswordswordsd read about had dark skin (even though , iwordswordswordsm told , this characterwordswordswordss skin colour is explicitly described as such in the book) . further , it must have entirely failed to occur to them that the qualities she originally admired or appreciated in rue might still be present wordswordswords that the colour of her skin might be no hindrance whatever to this young girl being innocent , or likeable , or courageous , or charming , or quick-witted , or whatever shewordswordswordss like .
but llc has a new party trick that draws attention by the masses , and itwordswordswordss got nothing to do with her petite physique . it has to do with her knee walking .
favorite thing about cal poly : how stimulating of an environment it is . therewordswordswordss really great people , and itwordswordswordss just a beautiful place to wake up to every morning .
but what it really got me thinking today when i read sam's post .
last night before bed , i checked the email and inigo hopped up to lay down on my lap and snooze . both he and vizinni love to lay on us when we're on the computer .
i had just this question pop up for me last week . an agent requested my work with synopsis and the dreaded bio ! what could i actually say about myself that related to writing ? just like a resumwordswords asks you to list all your up-to-date work history , a bio needs to include your writing and publishing history (and not a thing should be mentioned about the number of cats or dogs you live with) . sounds simple , right ?
morrow outlines three resources for the process of spiritual formation . here is a summary of his discussion and the relevant scriptural passages he cites in support .
yes , me .
a sloppy creature stares at me
i was beginning to think i might have a problem , but until iwordswordswordsm caught rifling through my motherwordswordswordss purse , looking for chocolate money , iwordswordswordsm not going to admit to nofink .
but not as exhilarating as this sunrise in chadron , nebraska . we snapped this in november of 2009 . . . it was breathtaking .
this short video , produced by howard universitywordswordswordss capcomm lab , the earth conservation corps , and epa , takes a humorous look at how conditions inside the home can provide food , water , and shelter where pests can thrive , and provides practical ways to prevent infestations .
lindsay adams
we're changing the world . . . one challenge at a time !
so with a breath of goodbye
ok i'm sure you've all had an awkward moment where you felt like you just wanted to melt or you wanted out of that situation asap . lately i have been feeling like the queen of awkward . allow me to enumerate just a few instances .
and therewordswordswordss also . . . oh , wait there arenwordswordswordst anymore .
iwordswordswordsm hoping the sushi i ordered last night counts .
we can do better , we know it . i may not get a kitchen that beautiful , but i'm glad we aren't settling . . .because with this house (as much potential as it had) , we would be settling .
there's some overly long , overly sentimental thing going on with some people getting married on stand . and now there's military things happening . is this thing over yet ?
well , apart from my shameful lack of self-promotion over the last few days , anyway . i'm not actually being as petulant as that sounds , either . what i mean is , what would convince you to buy my book ? i've sold 2 copies in the 17 days the book's been on sale , and i can't help thinking that even a brand new starting author should have managed a bit better than that .
and i just know that all of you really care about my comments and will shed huge alligator tears without them .
here is mine . do enjoywordswordswords
so if you would like to make your own christmas napkins here's what you need . .
all four of the older kids , under one roof , all on one couch , doing something together . our little one was already in bed .
the extreme rarity of transitional forms in the fossil record persists as the trade secret of paleontology . . . we fancy ourselves as the only true students of lifewordswordswordss history , yet to preserve our favored account of evolution by natural selection we view our data as so bad that we never see the very process we profess to study . (s . j . gould , wordswordswordsevolutionwordswordswordss erratic pace,wordswordswords natural history , vol . 86 , no . 5 , p . 14 , may 1977.)
every day , londyn is surprising us with how well she is handling this entire experience . from what we are told , she has been a peach at gma milne's and auntie nell's . she has even been able to come visit for long amounts of time , napping with daddy here at the hospital and enjoying sweet moments with her sister .
it just might be one of my favorite
a sly stallone (director , writer and star) vehicle about a gang of guns for hire who are recruited to save a small south american island nation from some ex-cia thugs and a dictator .
tuesday was a long day . we spent over 8 hours at the hospital . we were there from the time kevinwordswordswordss mom checked in until about an hour after she was assigned a room . we had great service at the hospital because of a family member and a family friend that worked there . while we were waiting they let us have a room to ourselves where we could just be away from it all .
he buys on his credit until fall
the second worst offender this year is marsha j . evans , president and ceo
i love that you love me to the moon and back sixtyseventy times ,
i can only see gold ,
in his foot ,
level 20 : reduces the damage received from the enemies by 15% .
so there we have it - it was one crappy time beetle against the last gate-keeper of an intrinsic function of the universewordswordswordss temporal physics (or the champion of time to give him another name) . and the stupid beetle lost . hope that helps .
93 . six pack -- black flag
you see and do his love
a foster mum was almost stabbed to death by an illegal immigrant teenager placed in her care by city social services .
art or mirror over dresser
wordswords an onion or more if desired
a court order was also issued the last time , barring 91 targeted individuals from entering the city . police also reportedly carried out random checks to look out for any bersih 2.0 paraphernalia as bersih 2.0 had been declared wordswordswordsillegalwordswordswords .
my aim is to post in detail on all of the above topics in the coming weeks . also , i intend to look at all the other countries of the european union in the same kind of way .
iwordswordswordsm secretly happy that i havenwordswordswordst graduated yet .
(click ad) headline translation : listen to your gut feeling . my immediate gut reaction was , no way this is a real ad . but full credits , including account team and post production , are listed at the source . so , quite possibly real . usually scam ads only have the two or three creatives who made it listed . (if you live in germany , and have seen this , please comment.) that's a freaky belly buttonwordswordswordsare those sesame seeds ? ad agency : interone , munich . note : stupidity-wise , compare this to the infamous burger king blow job ad .
while some alumni do support the consolidation , most do not . in a september 6 position paper sent to the board of trustees , george likourezos , president of the alumni association , called the process wordswordswordsstealthwordswordswords and the terms wordswordswordsextremely one-sided in favor of nyu , and constitute a waste of polytechnicwordswordswordss assets.wordswordswords
thanks for mentioning that heather ! itwordswordswordss relatively new , so i appreciate the shout-out . iwordswordswordsve got a couple goals wordswordswords the first is to give writers searching for an agent a clear sense of the kinds of projects iwordswordswordsm looking for and my approach to this business . writers are told again and again : do your research , make sure youwordswordswordsre querying agents that represent work like yours , and that seem as if theywordswordswordsd be a good fit for you . so , i hope iwordswordswordsm giving people the information they need to make that determination .
european commission has voted already in favour
but as long as a tiny seed of self-consciousness
one of the most frequently expressed criticisms is that as critics of the rationale and operations of significant state enterprises , we seem to be proposing a new series of state-funded agencies . some people have pointed out that these offices are unlikely to be cheap , particularly the ppc , which is to be constituted as a standing commission of enquiry under those existing legal provisions .
and here i am . ..2:00am still awake . pretty much tired but feel like i can't sleep or don't want to and i'm not quite sure why . i only feel completely at ease when he is here . i'm so stressed out about finding a job and worried that i'm going to run out of money before i do . . . .:( i'm already living off my grandparents funeral fund , my mother is paying my internet bill . ..i feel like a loser . i'm praying that i get a job . the only interview i had was for a job that would only give me $7.25 to drive 30 minutes one way . ..i can't accept that if they offered ! i wouldn't even make enough to cover my gas money , especially since they didn't know if they could even give me even one day per week .
now to somehow find some time during the week so i can sit and play !
the seawolves are a member of the northwest division of the pdl , the highest level of amateur soccer in the united states . their 16-game season begins may 20 at fraser valley . they play eight home games in june at edmonds stadium , beginning with a june 1 match against washington crossfire .
still , as i said , i minor quibble given the overall quality of this film . i love hogancamp , and i love this movie .
iwordswordswordsll boat through venice in my dreams
i know we tend to think of wordswordswordsthe olden dayswordswordswords as a time when women necessarily married for money and then pined away for love all the rest of their days , but in the 19th century ideas of romantic love and wordswordswordscompanionate marriagewordswordswords were superseding the old patriarchal model of arranged , economic marriages . this was the golden age of all things sentimental . i canwordswordswordst listen to this song without laughing , but if i were a victorian lady , iwordswordswordsd probably be bawling my eyes out .
wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords , fourth ezra : a commentary on the book of fourth ezra (minneapolis : fortress press , 1990) .
the sunriver retreat took off in fabric stalkers tradition . ..once we arrived , set up our machines . ..but before we took off our bras and put on our pj's . ..we went quilt shopping ! after all , the quilt shop in la pine is only about 20 minutes away ! the effects of the fabric diet were still apparent for me . i didn't purchase any fabric , as in cotton . ..but did buy 4 squares of wool and 2 spools of thread .
could it be that , as we gain more tallies on the wall signifying that we are advancing in our age and our youth becomes a thing of our past , we still cannot learn from the mistakes that we make ?
the single serve packets are obviously great for enjoying tea on the go , but i'm afraid i just didn't care for the taste . i tried it cold and it was so-so . not bad , not too astringent , but it just didn't taste like much of anything . i tried making it with a smaller amount of water , thinking perhaps the taste would develop , but that didn't work either . i tried the tea hot and got the faintest , merest hint of something reminiscent of a woodsy oolong , but that was it . again , the flavor just wasn't there . while i rather like the idea behind this product , which would be especially useful while traveling , the flavor was a disappointment . if you've tried this new tea yourself , please let me know what you thought !
luak also said that the villagers have submitted a memorandum to awang tengah with a copy to land development minister james masing .
i know that many home sewers , even those who own modern machines with built-in buttonhole features , still love the old attachments and the quality of the buttonholes they make . some keep an old straight stitch singer on hand solely for the purpose of making buttonholes ! these old attachments are super-dependable , can handle many different kinds of fabric with ease (more fragile fabrics may benefit from stabilizer , of course) , and last forever .
graeme fife wordswordswords snipe 3909
it's like joel and ethan coen writing a script for big booty brazilian babes volume xii . kinda-sorta .
rest in peace gabriel
wordswordswordsbut the civil war wonwordswordswordst start in sweden . sweden is too far gone . i think the civil war will appear first in britain , which has the second-worst conditions . but the british still have a spirit of resistance.wordswordswords
(or , as i would say , west to east)
a short summary of priyanka chopra movies :
i want to show you the striking contrast by reading galatians 5:19-23 . wordswordswordsnow the works of the flesh are manifest , which are these ; adultery , fornication , uncleanness , lasciviousness , idolatry , witchcraft , hatred , variance , emulations , wrath , strife , seditions , heresies , envyings , murders , drunkenness , revellings and such like.wordswordswords
but this obligation to love others doesnwordswordswordst mean that sin isnwordswordswordst supposed to be called sin . ron brown shared with majors the greatest gift that could possibly be shared wordswordswords how to have eternal life . that doesnwordswordswordst mean brown should then look at him and say , wordswordswordsokay , now anything goes.wordswordswords in fact , if brown shared the gospel message with majors accurately (and i have no reason to believe it wasnwordswordswordst) , then repentance would have surely been covered .
" they're mad because we took away their little lot by borough hall, " she said . " they are so petty . "
wordswordswordsgood,wordswordswords she said and seemed to relax a bit .
received : march 2012 .
i wasn't looking for trouble ,
this great image was colored using promarkers . i decided a 6 x 6 card was most appropriate for this image so that i could showcase the details . i added some pink sheer ribbon and bow . the sentiment is from stampin ' up teeny tiny wishes .
dreams of joy
during juinorwordswordswordss time in the nfl , i believe he was one of the best to play the game and still ranks among the best ever . junior should be selected for the hall of fame in my eyes .
quantum jumping , samij datta , 2012
i wanted to saywordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords .
our first challenge and dt call will start on monday the 13th june (australian time)
this continues where " oh , play that thing " left off , with henry smart rescued by john ford in the desert . henry turns adviser for ford , as he's determined to make an irish film celebrating the technicolor version of the brawling and romancing old country . henry , despite his reservations , spends the period around the late forties , paralleling his own lifespan , fighting against and giving in to ford . despite contrived and melodramatic touches--common here as with previous volumes in " the last roundup " trilogy--doyle offers deft insights , via ford's direction , into how reality transforms into two hours of efficient storytelling on screen .
" do you know what day it is today ? " , she asked with tears in her eyes . " it's exactly two years ago to the day since jordan died . " then she added , softly , " it is only fitting that you are here today . it was meant to be . "
6 . eastern spell
afghanistan does have laws which ban violence against women , but in a country struggling to recover from decades of conflict , enforcing them is naturally very difficult . even in the uk , the continued levels of violence against women , despite our comparatively advanced legal system , demonstrate just how difficult enforcement is . in addition the problem in afghanistan is exacerbated by lack of education and under-age marriage , both of which remain common . therefore it remains of the upmost importance that as the international community withdraw support from the country , the plight of afghan women is not forgotten . we as a society must fight to improve the laws that protect women from rape , sexual offences and all forms of violence , abroad , just as we attempt to do in our own country .
finally , the third council member in this three-way second place vote (c) , there is something about the danes . which , of course , there is . some readers think gates of vienna is spending too much time on denmark . however , if anyone else can come up with some good news in this long , horrible stretch of the war against the islamofascists , please send it along .
bone but split ,
lasik is eye-corrective surgery that uses lasers to correct your cornea so that you wonwordswordswordst need to wear glasses or contact lenses . i had budgeted $4,000 for the surgery , although i had issues .
and then ygwordswordswordss mysterious embassy call . .and the news where he ends up as the culprit .
the discount deals are fashioned for just about all . there tend to be computer , visual therapy , software as well as generally anything else . all day , these daily deals can be found by a large number of companies . nevertheless , many individuals fail to get at find away where wherever such deals are now being offered from . where itwordswordswordss possible to get the most recent discount deals reaches amazon .
you wouldnwordswordswordstwordswordswordsve needed crutches
family time together .
i don't know what the official description for mac show orchid is , but to me it's a hot fuchsia pink with a subtle blurple flash !
however the crucial reason why my employer - in common with many public service employers - grants me paid time off to do my trade union work is because they know they have to .
(p . 158 food everyday cookbook) (food everyday p . 279)
he is telling you something
the betar anthem contained the following verse :
last week my community lost one its members . suddenly . unexpectedly .
indigo girlswordswordswords
heh , heh . obama had a fundraiser at the home of a private-equity company , one of the same businesses that the campaign had been smearing as the employer of one of the big donors to mitt romney . i guess when someone is a " vulture capital " but donates to obama , everything is forgiven .
i still have the jacket hanging up in my cupboard , i never liked to get rid of it . the shoulder pads are drooping now , but the silk still shimmers and glows . how lucky i was 20 years ago (not to mention how lucky he was) , and how clever sylvia and richard were when they plotted their table plan . happy anniversary !
" apparently the smoke made them lose consciousness . "
in the same way , bush created the guantanamo bay (wordswordswordsgitmowordswordswords) detention facility . bush expanded the rendition program that had been used by bill clinton . bush created the patriot act . bush approved of domestic surveillance . bush set up the military tribunals that had been used by democrats like fdr in previous time of war . bush established the indefinite detentions of the most hardened terrorists .
otherwise , mather's is a great little traditional pub with great beer selection . its a shame that i'll unlikely go back there .
what better way to spend a cold afternoon , than letting your progeny throw a very heavy ball at some tiny pins that seem to be permanently glued down ? okay , i can think of a few other things , but they would all involve palm trees and margaritas , besides , the kids are really excited . truth be told , i recently attended a grown up bowling party for a friend's birthday and despite my dismal score , i had a really good time .
we are one in spirit with each other , for we are all children of god . as i pray for others , i tap into our spiritual connection that joins us heart and mind . through prayer , i am part of a wordswordswordsvillagewordswordswords of people who spiritually support one another . every time i pray , every time i give my love and encouragement , i am more aware of the living christ presence within us all .
the white one is quite laid back .
set free from the love of food . it's an easy way for me to give up & give
i texted jen to see what she did , and she was kinda like me , not wanting to spend boo-coo's , and she told me to go to wal-mart . so , wally world , here i come ! she told me she just went up in sizes till they fit her comfortably .
goose : yeah . but then you'd have to grease them . you wouldn't want squeaky balls .
homer was a man of cardinal self-belief
your answers ready ?
in other musings , yesterday my husband dropped off some trellis he had constructed along with wooden flowers and things (free of charge) for a project at school . the school sits on a hill and is surrounded by a field . he decided to drive down the field in his new truck to drop off said items . on the way back up he got stuck (it rained all day yesterday) . in hindsight , actually i'd go so far as to say you didn't need hindsight , he realised that this wasn't the best idea he'd had in a long time . in fact , its something that would be in my locker not his ! so after reversing , a lot of tooing , froing and messing up the field he had to call out a recovery chappie - wordswords120.00 later the truck is released from the school field .
9/10- expellant , will remain on my bookshelf forever
this terrible continuing cry lasted for 20 or 30 minutes , gradually dying away , as one after another could no longer withstand the cold and exposure . practically no one was drowned , as no water was found in the lungs of those later recovered . everyone had on a life preserver .
a comprehensive resource of one of the most difficult styles of music to pigeonhole , the encyclopedia of new wave is a great way to remember all those bands that you forgot you loved . from the obvious selections like elvis costello and devo , to the more obscure acts like communards and the flying lizards , author daniel bukszpan has you covered . several paragraphs of history , commentary and anecdotes are shared for each group , along with full-color photographs , a list of members , and discography . this book provides an avenue to rediscover a few bands that have fallen off the radar , including several that are surprisingly still active in some form (sigue sigue sputnik , hoodoo gurus) .
drexel librarians assessed first year design projects for information literacy outcomes . course sequence : engr 101-103 includes projects on reverse engineering (they use a $2 camera which they take apart then put back together & use cad) , green house design , and nanoenlightenment (simulating a nanorobot) . in eng103 student teams design anything but need to start with research . nine hundred students take course . students need to find books , articles , technical handbooks , patents , and how to cite information . self-guided tutorials seem to be included in the research education .
here is a picture of the problem wall , in which shoes would get lined up . . . you can see clearly in this photo that we have absolutely zero entry , and because of the location of the stairs , zero closet . . .
the 1936 marconi typewordswordswords702 television - which was originally bought for wordswords100 - had been expected to sell for wordswords5,000 when it was auctioned by bonhams .
12 . only living witness ' voice of disrepair '
what guided rohaizad mohamed , senior vice president of broadcast operations , in his split second decisions about what to cut out and censor and what to leave in ? is it just a wordswordswordsself-censorshipwordswordswords judgement call by the station as to what umno would be happy to see and what not ? or is there some list of key matters to abide by ?
the master output routing is the output you hear at the master track (outputs 3/4 in this case) . the pre-listen output is reflected on an additional pair of outputs from your audio interface . in the figure above , we are pre-listening on channels 1/2 .
wordswords all registrants receive complimentary admission to insomniacwordswordswordss wordswordswordsbassrush massivewordswordswords at the orleans arena featuring borgore , knife party , bassnectar , datsik , excision , noisia , 12th planet , sigma , and fury .
something tells me , thatwordswordswordss the project i should have taken on .
in a world where businesses are trying to sell you more and more stuff wordswordswords where we are told that we canwordswordswordst be happy unless we have this and that and that and that and also this wordswordswords the vast majority of us attribute great meaning to inanimate objects .
today was my fourth class back . there was a few days lapse between class 3 and 4 mostly due to me savoring this 10 class card . i didn't want to use it up too quickly . that's not an issue anymore because today after class i bought three months of yoga . so i'm officially back as a member who can do unlimited yoga again . i went to 1pm with george . he had a halloween mask on for the first few minutes of teaching then said " forget it , it's too hot! " dray had taught the 11am and boy oh boy was the room toasty ! i had to really focus on my breath . my class went ok with the same issues i had the first three classes , with the exception of camel . i can get into camel , both sets and hold it already . making progress feels good ! now to work on fixed firm . i really cannot even get my butt down , much less begin to lay back . it's quite baffling , as i used to ease right into the full expression of that posture and just kind of " hang out" . now it's just complete agony . it will just take more yoga . alot more yoga .
he said wordswordswordswant to get out of here ? wordswordswords
garnier nutrisse nourishing color foam $2/1
for some shiny new ear plugs .
when we return , itwordswordswordss very evident that dad is not well .
100 . there are 293 ways to make change for a dollar (euro , pound) .
it works . it so does .

he could upgrade his . i was still in a great
now , the rest of the week will contain cleaning , fixing stuff and just live life .
so wewordswordswordsre taking a full sized slum dwelling , a freestanding outdoor photographic exhibit , 4,500 photos and stacks of marketing material in between wordswordswords and a tent and camping gear . iwordswordswordsm not sure if wewordswordswordsll have room for our bags yet as our youngest daughter has arrived back early from amsterdam and her seat was meant to be the space for that . on top of that we have people coming to stay at our place while we are away so it has to be spotless before we leave 8am on saturday !
where the dogs go on with their doggy life and the torturerwordswordswordss horse
there are no facts - i'm a fiction writer ! (a fun answer)
thanks to worldcat , i now know more about the history of the 48th highlanders , and more about my husband's great-uncle jack , who served as bandmaster for 50 years .
the warning signs had been there for a while . one other driver asked me a couple of weeks before if i'd noticed weirdness with the gas gauge on that particular limo , a six-passenger . i thought nothing of it . standard procedure for all drivers is to fill the tank after each run , so the next run can start with a minimum of set-up time .
and my little sister was in town , so i had tons of family time . and by family time , i mean my sisters and i hung out and ate spinach dip and watched law & order marathons most of the time . we also went shopping , saw a movie , ate a ton of candy (which made me feel both better and worse) , and then our mom cooked us the most delicious brunch . seriously , it was a savory cheesecake . the crust was made of crushed up tortilla chips , and the " cake " was made of cheese , eggs , and veggies . can you really go wrong ? my mom , the best cook . ever .
none other than joseph pulitzer himself had this to say about the eagle in 1911 :
this has been a crazy upside-down day for me . instead of being in my office first thing to do my blog and take care of other writing-related tasks , i was headed to town to do some publicity for a show coming to the winnsboro center for the arts at the end of this month . this is the first theatrical production that i have not directed or had a role in , although i might do tech . since i am so technically challenged , i'm holding out for other volunteers .
i don't make resolutions anymore , just sort of vague guidelines . this year , i'm going to think about getting my craft room more organized :d .
this week , i will feature both so you can understand why these two companies , make our cut . for root it is quality , variety and value for me !
but the plot unfolds to show that kowalski's neighbours are as racist as he is , and in fact he not only redeems his own character , but becomes a heroic figure in his neighbourhood by taking on the gangs and , at the same time , taking thao , his neighbour's son , under his wing . how ' racist ' is he really ? kowalski's most vicious scorn is reserved for the white boy who wears his cap backwards and tries to talk ' black ' to the black kids . kowalski rightly calls him a p*ssy for failing to stick up for his girlfriend .
while at the restaurant , caleb was a huge hit . the owners came out to play with him and it gave me a glimpse of what it will be like when i take him to korea this summer . someone's gonna get spoiled and i cannot freaking wait for him to see my mom's side of the family ! i'm definitely homesick .
she too damn ugly anyway .
o) what do you think would make a perfect first date ?
i'm sure the first idiot to say " hey , y'all watch this! " with a firework will make the front page of the paper , but its about time you could legally buy and possess a bottle rocket in michigan (which , contrary to the article is hardly a high-powered firework , yeesh) . the law was previously pretty universally ignored with an outpouring of cars heading to our neighboring states every year in july to load up for the 4th of july celebrations , and only the occasional returning car busted for buying the forbidden fireworks .
and , then i got a call from super nana . ..another one having a tough time . she has to go to a funeral service today . the mom of one of her seniors died recently at age 51 . it's been a tough year at her school . a young teacher died , incidents with students off campus . ..the all too familiar litany of events in high schools today seemed to happen almost weekly . not to mention just being a teacher here in the states (don't get me started on " no child left behind") ! but , back to the service . for all its immensity as a city , los angeles is just a series of small villages connected by asphalt , so major events in one village happen at the same places . yep , the funeral home and the cemetery are the same places were services for all of our deceased family members were held . so , memories are there . at her age , i know it's there : this could be my mother or my dad . what do you tell your adult child that they don't already know ? this is the natural progression of life ? don't worry , dad & i are fine ? or do what i did , just say , it's tough to grow up , babe , i'm still trying to . i look at the mitm's mom (she lives here in town) . she's 86 years old and just retired again from teaching ! i can't imagine her not being around and know that it's a blessing that she still is as vibrant and vital as she is given her age .
babies sleepin on the floor there . .
- how has cabaret changed in your time there ?
af : i canwordswordswordst get into specifics but there are some mind-blowing revelations to come . the hunt is a trilogy , so two more books to come .
first let me explain why i use the term wordswordswordsmythologywordswordswords instead of wordswordswordshistory.wordswordswords usually the term wordswordswordsmythologywordswordswords is used to describe the stories of gods and heroes told in times or places where the explanations of science do not predominate . what is sometimes lost in the retelling of the tales of hercules or prometheus or beowulf is how these stories functioned in their time to explain how the world came to be what it is and why certain practices or institutions or values were important . myths are mechanisms for transmitting cultural knowledge across generations . the wordswordswordstruthwordswordswords of a myth lies not in the factuality of the characters and places and dates it contains but in the themes and relations that play out within it .
all our stories will make available grants ranging from wordswords3,000 wordswordswords wordswords10,000 . from researching local historic landmarks , learning more about customs and traditions to delving into archives and finding out the origins of street and place names wordswordswords this new programme will give everyone the chance to explore their heritage and share what they learn with others .
i am not 100% certain ill keep these . . . .
fcs software solutions limited outcome of board meeting
but there was always something more important going on . from the very beginning , each episode focused intensely on a different character , showing a flashback of what life was like for this person before they were brought to the island .
su un pezzetto di cartoncino kraft ho scritto il sentiment con una penna gel bianca .
we got to eagle rock and threw down to cowboy camp there . eagle rock is one of those landmarks that actually lives up to its name . not one of those areas that claims to look like something but it really doesnwordswordswordst or only looks like it if you cross your eyes and stand on your head ones .
the music propels the narrative with color and passion , closely following perraultwordswordswordss storyline ; the tender yearnings of cinderella , the dissonances experienced with her stepsisters , and the sumptuous waltz with the prince . this is a fairy tale , but like all fairy tales , it has an undercurrent as it was composed between 1940 and 1944 during the darkest days of world war ii . indeed , at the height of the fantasy , as the clock strikes midnight , we hear the chaos and cacophony of battle , and sobriety returns .
yes , i wasted 3 hours of my night last night watching the finale/after the final rose . after watching this entire season , i couldn't not see things wrap up , even if everyone knew that it was going to be courtney . the thing i did like about last night's fiance was the fact that it was set somewhere non-tropical . usually all the proposal settings are kind of cliche , but i thought last night's spot was much more rustic and just breathtaking with the mountains of switzerland in the background . i think that ben brought lindzi to the final two because i think he knew it would be more calm and easy to say good-bye to her than kacie b . or nikki , as i think he had stronger feelings for , or at least better chemistry with , both of those women .
in niger , a newborn baby girl will likely get four years of education and will have a life expectancy of 56 years . a norwegian girl , by contrast , will get 18 years of education and can expect to live to the age of 83 .
*yes , they've perfected the art of begging from a prone position . oh that look . . . i must be strong .
to sum it up :
life wouldnwordswordswordst be over , by any means , if i were in a wheelchair . but the fact is that i donwordswordswordst need one . not yet , anyway . and there can be no doubt that i strive to find as many ways as possible to celebrate this life , my life , right where i am , the way i amwordswordswordshowever able or disabled or differently-abled i may be on any given day . thatwordswordswordss what i choose : what i think , what i believe . thatwordswordswordss what i can control .
the innerbouquet mission is to spread the word about & celebrate lgbt arts , culture & athleticism from past to the present . the site features bios , reviews , critiques , interviews , photos , news , videos , songs , poems , etc . wordswordswords all related to the contributions of lgbt icons world-wide . on a personal level , the innerbouquet founder and creative director , david-paul , in his wordswordswordsflashback diarywordswordswords reveals poignant moments from his gay journal .
you acting tough like you fought like me before
don't you love the delicate pink of the " new dawn " ?
our next stop was lunch . we ate at a mongolian bbq place . you get a bowl and fill it with meat , the veggies of your choice , and then they put on sauce , top it with a ton of noodles and then this guy working a flat top grill takes it and cooks it . after itwordswordswordss made it around the grill to its starting place they take it off and give it back to you . yum! ! !
" holding . hah . is that what they told you ? " his fixed grimace twitched as if he was trying to sneer .
i absolutely love the results!! ! i know i say that a lot , but this one , oh boy ! i want to make at least three more versions of it . it would look good in lime green and white as a baby quilt . it would look fun scrappy ! it would look good with one single orange background . and . ..well , you get the idea !
as we were waiting to be seated , he leaned back and checked out my ass . most guys would just do that as we were walking to the table rather than being so blatantly obvious . i rolled my eyes and shot him a bit of an annoyed glare . he smiled , winked at mewordswordswords and then reached over and patted . my . ass . and i donwordswordswordst mean like the kind of grab that a handsy guy in a bar gives . iwordswordswordsm talking a loving pat on the bottom that you give a small child . like it was something that was already his .
the authority on the law replied , " the one who felt sorry for him . "
long , too long . i tried to get up several times but the wires were jumbled and eyes were crossed . i eventually simply shut off the alarms and let sleep happen . sam and sassy are never happy about this , though i think regular feedings are so passe . of course i keep the bedroom closed , kicking the wild little natives on the far side because they think what poppo thinks is ka-put and would and do happily vandalize their own home-grown indigent as they see fit otherwise . i can see one cat looking at the other and saying something like . . . " look at that bum ! i bet he won't even notice if we attack him" ! bwats ! now , they have learned that sleeping giants can still toss kittehs like rag dolls , so their methods are smarter . out of arms reach , or very quick and away , and avoid the feet . a size 12-13 . . . well , that covers a lot of space on a kitteh . still , they are little punk rockers with nothing else to do at times . so they have learned how to harry poppo safely , mostly . hrmph !
for my card today i have used my favourite gorjuss girl and she is coloured with copics . the dp is from papermania and i kept my layout quite simple to show off the pretty roses . i finished off with some ribbon and jewels from my stash .
7 . tom turkey
really and truly are the best ! i thank you all for
wordswordswords whowordswordswordss joining me ?
8 and the king said unto hazael , take a present in thine hand , and go , meet the man of god , and enquire of the lord by him , saying , shall i recover of this disease ?
i love pinterest ! i just can't keep that a secret . in my attempt to be a better blogger , i'm going to try at least one pin each week and write about it . ..otherwise , what good would those hours upon hours spent pinning be ? ;)
perhaps potus is the most powerful celebrity , perhaps he is the most powerful elected official , perhaps he is the most powerful public relations icon . but he is not the most powerful man in the world . nor , as i have heard several times lately , is he the most powerful man in the solar system . i canwordswordswordst even imagine the foolish minds that come up with this stuff .
motherwordswordswordss day is coming up this weekend and all over our country , mothers are being celebrated . my mother gave me up when i was very small and then i had foster moms for several years . after that , i settled in with a full time mom until i grew up , married and became a mom , myself . over the years , iwordswordswordsve known lots of moms . does that qualify me to write intelligently about them ? i donwordswordswordst know .
3) what is your favorite piece or product to make and why ?
well now you have seen what the team has come up with it is your turn so just add your link to mr linky and we will be along shortly to see what is new on your creation .
in the sunlight of love .
based upon this revelation , abbott has flagged an intention to slash funding to what he calls a wordswordswordspaganisticwordswordswords csiro , instead diverting it to the wordswordswordsdivinely insightfulwordswordswords australian christian lobby .
please note that this is an informal briefing , and participants will be available for extended questions and discussions with the media . lunch will be provided .
i dedicate this poem
i found this gem at a thrift store for just twenty clams . she was in great shape and ride-able to boot ! it was obvious from the wear , or lack thereof . . that she was only ridden occasionally . major oxidation of the paint , gave me a clue that she had been stored outside much of her life . thanks to the thick coats of paint they used to spray on bikes back in the day , she was only rusted where nicks and pits in the finish were present .
in an open area with four partial walls of lockers and a circle of benches in the centre , opposition to the party's advance is met in the form of additional toughs in tshared's employ .
as a added bonus . ..use the code merry20 in her shop and receive 20% off your order . ..how cool is that ! and if you place your order before monday , december 19th , heather guarantees christmas delivery for the continental us .
wordswordswordsif finbarr cronin really supports the aims of youth fight for jobs then he should resign from the liberal democrats and contest elections on a platform that includes the key demands of youth fight for jobs . this is what wakefield yfj activist , dan dearden , is doing standing as part of the trade unionist and socialist coalition in pontefract north ward.wordswordswords
but look at it from another angle : how must the first set of locals have felt when they moved into the new estate and found a comfortable pub with soft furnishings , soft orange lighting and a lounge that looked out over a panoramic view of halliwellwordswordswordss wordswordswordsnew jerusalemwordswordswords and with the lights of the east side of bolton twinkling in the distance . that isnwordswordswordst a sarcastic comment . after a warm , dry house with a small patch out of grass out the front replacing damp victorian terraces with outside loos , and (relatively) clean tarmac-laid streets instead of the cobbled setts the spinners must have seemed like the icing on the cake , the tin hat , the final realisation that the long days of post-war austerity were finally behind them . instead of beers from mageewordswordswordss and walkerwordswordswordss they could drink a pint of keg red barrel that tasted the same every time and would never go off and was another facet of this modern world they suddenly found themselves in . or they could head into the games room to the left of the entry for a game of darts or american pool .
-have fun at my wedding and donwordswordswordst stress too much about the planning -buy no more than one new item of clothing a month on average .
so mitt romney gave a speech at a closed ohio drywall factory , which he tried to use as a symbol of obamawordswordswordss economic failure . the symbolism was perfect wordswordswords not as an illustration of obamawordswordswordss failure , but as an illustration of just how stupid romney thinks we are .
his love never fails , never gives up , never runs out .
this is the far wall at the end of the workbench , containing mostly boxes of the mister's work stuff from a previous job . also , decor crap .
lesson learned : journal your way to a thinner you !
-#location : where did you take the picture ? was it in in #hawaii or at #ucr ?
he was disarmingly correct . we had been flirting with each other for the best part of a year and in my mind it was pretty much inevitable that we would eventually sleep with each other and perhaps go on to form a more serious relationship . well , the sex part had finally happened but , as he had just said , it had been a bit of an anti-climax . it had been easy , relaxed and comfortable and yes , i had had an orgasm , but it hadnwordswordswordst been an earth shattering one . and that was a shame because i was indeed hoping for and even expecting more from our first time together . i said nothing but the expression in my eyes told him all he needed to know .
we are proud to present the latest upgrade to the schmoopy brewery ! it's a 10 gallon behemoth , the b3-1000 brew sculpture from beer , beer and more beer . with three 170,000 btu burners this thing gets moving quickly . it stands about 7.5 ' tall , but there is no need for a pump since at this height everything flows by gravity .
we played on the swing , ran around the play ground , climbed up the rock wall and went down the slide . then it hit me .
my life with comic books : the history of a comic shop-part 182
sex appeal : medium , though connie stevens (above) does her best .
- welcome baby stamp set
first i found two bowls in my kitchen . one was slightly bigger than the other . i traced the smaller bowl first then traced the larger bowl around it . i cut both out create a wreath form . it doesn't matter if it's perfect or not because you are going to cover it up .
had just settled our brains for a lovely spring day .
her hands tightened into fists .
i pray continually that i would .
hawkins ushered sister sarah in and followed . they sat on a couch that the man indicated . " hello . i'm elder hawkins , and this is sister sarah . we're from the church of-- "
the true nationalist must accept this before stepping into the arena , lest that individual be shocked by the devious and evil tactics our enemies employ .
she babywears my kid =)
so there you go , do pop along to sandras blog and join in the fun.i was doubting my card i posted earlier but looking at this i can really see that i have improved and i should stop being so hard on myself.see you in the morning .
i got turned onto tweetdeck and have been utilizing it with listings posted to the shop . love it ! and it has freed me up to start tracking down twits to follow on twitter . i made sure to follow a couple of the airlines just to see the discounted fares . not that i get to hop on a plane whenever - i can daydream about the possibility .
the first thing i saw in this photo was the blue bird in the top left corner of the quilt . i new instantly that i wanted to use the tweet things set . which , up to this point hadn't been released in digital form yet .
but on the internet i'm awesome . i say funny things , i make people laugh , i participate in forums and groups and i have friends . they love me here on the interwebz . some even love to hate me . that's sort of awesome all on its own , you know ?
can you describe christmas ?
ian nutt and rob martin (leicester forest cycling club & critical mass) & cambridge cycling campaign (tbc) : using social media to build social cycling networks
who says that creative writing skills are dead ? somewhere , in an internet cafe in lagos , a man (probably) is putting himself inside the mind of a godly woman dying of breast cancer , a woman eager to give all of her assets away to me , a stranger . he has conjured up a story full of drama and greed : breast cancer ! greedy relatives ! this is a masterpiece of the 419 form . i have to admire the chutzpah , if not the desire for larceny .
rnd 11 : ch 3 , dc in next 69 dc ; join with sl st to 1st dc (70 dc)
btw this entire post (which has nothing to do with brooklyn) is all written to support my graphic , of which i find cool and refreshing .
i look at the posts of my blogging friends and wilderness is almost inevitably handled as an exercise of game mechanics , the nerdy little debates (granted that i often love overly-much too) about how many beancounting checks for encounters per day over how many beancounting hexes .
august 2 : happy campers : the great outdoors
john looks just how i felt during dessert . happy and satisfied and awfully glad we were in paris , with a dusting of tired and ready-for-bed around the edges . we didnwordswordswordst linger once we were done wordswordswords we headed straight for the hotel , and collapsed .
i also bought a double layer tank for the final sale price of $10.97 . it has the inside tank a little closer fit to the body , and the outside tank loose and flowy (ie - didn't hug every lump) (ie - very good camouflage) that i am hoping to be able to wear to another nia class .
we also got the story of how the sommelier at 40 sardines (the former leawood hotspot owned by michael smith and debbie gold pre-divorce) was their favorite , and the sommelier was so good and knew them by name , and when they ate at michael smith they asked what happened to the sommelier , and michael smith said , wordswordswordshewordswordswordss right up the street ! he opened his own shop!wordswordswords , and she walked in and he was so happy to see them , and he remembered us and walked right over to pick up some of their best wordswordswordsbutterywordswordswords chardonnays because he knows exactly what she likes , and we just let him pick our wines because hewordswordswordss so goodwordswordswords
the lobster tail had been poached and sliced , and the claws dipped in a tempura batter and lightly fried . an accompanying salad with cucumber , mango and tomato was dressed with lemony vinaigrette . the aromas were heavenly , even though i had been reduced to eating lobster wordswordswords again .
now that that has been settled how do you go about
i decided on this yogurt cake , which is really more of a quick bread - definitely not as sweet or as rich as a pound cake . but waaaay better for you .
4 . do the people that care about you often tell others that you always have your nose in a book or something to that degree ?
as for the investigation , well i have to say that the perpetrator was a character iwordswordswordsd least suspected . blue angel , white shadow is a wonderfully written , though provoking crime novel for which charlson ong won the philippines 2011 national book award .
what does this mean for the cattle rancher ? fixing fence , of course . but there is also the time it takes to round up escaped cattle , dealing with neighbors and finding the hole that needs to be fixed . not to mention not accomplishing everything that could have been done instead of fixing fence .
4) share recipes
mailboxes are full . warning sirens are sounding . people are bitterly complaining . google+ is empty and says i donwordswordswordst have any friends . twitter flitted elsewhere . wordpress is sending out a search party and ancestry will soon think i am dead . still the torrent of words continues .
plus , since she lost a box of summer clothes and it is sweltering in texas , she is on a mission to find shorts . therefore , she must shop . yeehaw .
where may the grave of that good man be ? wordswordswords
3 . i like to challenge myself since iwordswordswordsm bored out of my skull most days hanging around the house .
you will note however that you will still be able to download no problem , just this error will appear , and then for quite some time the wordswordswordsother itemswordswordswords will appear greyed out as if they are newly downloading or trying to update . these do not need updated , plugging into your pc / mac will not solve it , the apps will be up to date but this will still show !
the christian walk , for many of us , becomes repetitious , mundane , consistent and more focused on pleasing god rather than trusting god ; more focused on pleasing man rather than serving man . the latter two jesus spoke of and said , wordswordswordsthese two , hang all the words of god.wordswordswords (matt 22:37-40) the christian life , for most , will become filled with meaningless repetitions and traditions that boast a resemblance to the pharisees in many ways , and many of us will be left empty and hurting .
some of my favorite modules are -
maybe the ninety-nine percenters and the occupy movement have some things right within the mix of their unfocused ideas . there are certain issues that some of them espouse that i am in agreement with . there is a disparity of wealth in our society and for some it seems to be getting worse .
the comedy of errors last night was the board conversation around financially supporting failing programs , iwordswordswordsm ready , and programs that only exist on paper , all city high , while not providing financial support to programs that may be adopted in the future , freedom school , that are proven to work . this conversation did not take place when the board passed a budget that cut the artpeace program which was evidenced to work and funded the iwordswordswordsm ready program with no evidence of success .
and boy does she remember max .
in another scene yuri sits stranded in a desolate spot in africa , while watching his plane being stripped down to its bare bones by a horde of africans wordswordswords exactly like zimbabweans do to a dead elephant !
finally , i had to share my spice rack . growing up , my mom kept her mccormick tins of spices in a drawer , which smelled like heaven when you slid it open . the bad part though was that you had to rifle through them to find what you wanted . later , when i had roommates and was in college , i kept a plastic tub full of spices . talk about a pain ! thanks to these nice containers , i can keep all my spices in one place where i can see them . eventually i'd like to hang a sheet of metal on the inside of my pantry door so i can put them in a darker location , but for now they are all down one side of my fridge where i cook . they look nice , and they are super convenient . (by the way , i purchased the spice tins from bed , bath , and beyond . one box of these was a gift , but the remaining ones i picked up were expensive when purchased individually . if you ask them how much for the box , sometimes they will reduce the overall cost.)
the robes and yeshua- 1 john 5:8
the morning after he was gone , no trace
like an addict on crack , knowing that on some level it was bad for me but still wanting the high , i took another hit . i picked up the book again and started reading . i had to know what happened next .
i was surprised to discover how much i enjoyed the work . it was reasonable to assume most of our patients had not visited a doctor in quite some time , so it was gratifying to be in a position to help them attend to problems that had been unaddressed for so long .
5 . opposite sex
wordswordswordsnotelywordswordswordss poetry-quietly at first , without restraint of late-chafes at the constraints of quotidian reality and tears at the fabric of socially constructed identity . death-driven , ghost-haunted , exasperated by the trivial charades behind which the human species (or at least the males dominant therein) hides its apparently inexpungnable will-to-extinction , hers is a disobedient poetics comparable in urgency and vision to that of william blake.wordswordswords wordswordswords steve evans , third factory
by terry pratchett
the photo you are looking at is the one that got me started on photography . when i was quite young , 10 or 11 iwordswordswordsm not sure , i was up visiting some family friends with my brother and father . my uncle steve knew i liked kerouac et al so went in the other room and came back with a book called the americans by robert frank . the introduction was written by jack kerouac , they apparently hung out in the dharma bums era , but other than that , not a single word was written . every page was a picture . with no rhyme or reason just photos of america and americans . i didnwordswordswordst understand it at the time all i knew was that these photos were beautiful and i wanted to take ones just like them . it was when i got to the one you are looking at that i really stopped and stared . i still donwordswordswordst know why . there is something hypnotic about the whole book but that one in particular really grabbed me and still hasnwordswordswordst let go . frank , similar to henri , had a love for the instant photo capturing life in as raw and unadulterated way as possible . what henri began frank followed up . since the americans he has been endlessly copied but , in my opinion , never bettered . similar to henri he never used a flash , just a little leica that wouldnwordswordswordst impinge on a scene so he could capture it without intervening . heisenbergwordswordswordss uncertainty theorem states that wordswordswordsyou cannot measure a quantity without altering its value.wordswordswords frank did just that . by capturing these moments perfectly as they were he gave them a profound weight that has been studied for nearly 60 years . frank is also one of my idols because he simply applied for a grant to go across america taking photographs and he got it . i wish someone would give me a load of money to go across america and take photographs . hmph . anyway , fact is he is pretty much the embodiment of why i like photography . i canwordswordswordst tell you exactly why but there is just something about the way he captured the feel and nuance of a moment that i love and hope to replicate in my own way . that photo still gives me chills .
after a nice walk along the singapore east coast park seafront , we hopped over to east coast lagoon food village to have our dinner . there are many varieties of food to choose and i walked for around 2 rounds before deciding what to eat . if i am not mistaken , there are at least 40 to 50 stalls here selling a wide range of hawker food .
cheese , parmesan or a sharp cheddar work best
moyes has received a lot of stick recently for his comments to the press regarding seeing a top 10 finish as a good season , not necessarily 7th . he is being accused by the fans of lacking ambition , of being too negative . contrast this with bobby mancini up the m62 . his similar comments regarding the title being over is now being lauded as a piece of psychological genius , wordswordswordsmind gameswordswordswords mastery , taking the pressure off his players to allow them to play their own game . his flooding the team with defensive players to defend their lead was regarded as a masterstroke from the crafty tactician . moyeswordswordswords attempts to do the same are pilloried as being dour and negative . and yes , i know there is a difference in that citeh are top and we are 7th but theres also the small matter of a couple of hundred million spent !
join us and be a link in the memorial chain and help us distribute it around the world . please copy and send this as an e-mail to people you know and ask them to continue the memorial chain .
for the filling : 2 cups shredded coconut , 1&1/2 cups sugar (adjust according to sweetness of sugar) , 2 tsp rice flour , 1 tsp crushed cardamom , 1/4 tsp saffron (optional) or few drops of rose essence (optional) .
i personally let everyone enter a subway car before i do , unless iwordswordswordsm at the front of the line and there are tonnes of people behind me and it would be awkward to let them all in first . the reason i do this is not because iwordswordswordsm being overly polite , itwordswordswordss because i donwordswordswordst like being smushed into others on a subway car , so i let them all in and then selfishly chose whether or not i want to join them based on the fullness factor . i also hold doors open for people whenever itwordswordswordss possible , not because iwordswordswordsm an overly great person , but because i seethe with venom when someone inconsiderate person doesnwordswordswordst hold the door open for me , and i do not want others thinking of me the way i think of those that donwordswordswordst hold doors .
heeellooo , dear readers ! it looks like we've survived christmas (hopefully - you're still alive , right ? ) and as we head into the new year it seems only right to take a look back at everything that's happened over the last twelve months , reflect on events , see what went wrong and why , and be thankful for what went right .
challenge agenda modes
as we spoke the details , a rather odd elf stepped into my conversation . he mentioned that he was looking for his mentor , a half-elf (problem number one) with grey hair (problem number two) wearing a bow and leathers (problem number three) . for an elf , he was reallywordswordswords chipper , like he stood out in an ice box for longer than was necessary . uncommonly for an elf , well , at least the elves that i know , he assumed i was already interested in helping him . i was unsure about the whole thing until he mentioned buying breakfast at a nearby tavern . i was sold on the idea and let bransen finish up the shopping so i could steal this manwordswordswordss moneywordswordswords er , eat breakfast .
as a result of the inoperable washer , we took our laundry to the laundromat today . notice that i said " we" . it was amazing . six washers , six dryers , four children , two parents . six laundry baskets . all the laundry washed , dried , folded and put away in just two hours . it was family time . everyone pitched in . i didn't spend hours doing laundry by myself . i didn't feel isolated or irritated . i've never had so much help with laundry . why do i need a washing machine again ?
so whatwordswordswordss the moral of the story here ? time is my enemy ; the only thing standing in the way of me and my goal to reduce using water . knowing this now , i can go into week two with a clearer picture of how to go about it : time management and discipline . simple right ? letwordswordswordss hope so !
the first time they appear in alien there are hundreds of eggs in the space jockey (the fictional item that launched a thousand websites) waiting for a host to come along . realistically the xenomorphs don't seem like the type to colonize planets , build spaceships , develop opposable thumbs . . . y'know the usual things metaphorically canabalistic races seem to do . . . .
wordswordswordspenfold , are you sayingwordswordswordswordswordswords
her fasting and bodily mortification were written off as religious concerns : perhaps overzealous , but nonetheless inspired . and yet 21st-century psychologists would diagnose her with anorexia nervosa .
iwordswordswordsve been thinking about the zoroastrian idea of truth , which is called wordswordswordsashawordswordswords , the cousin of the hindu principle rta . asha and rta both represent universal order , but asha carries a strong moral connotation . it connotes societal order that results from honesty in human relations . it is such honesty that is the fabric of human commerce , and i am using the broadest definition of wordswordswordscommerce,wordswordswords including not only the exchange of goods and services , but also intellectual commerce , social commerce , cultural commerce , and even spiritual commerce . without honesty and trustworthiness , commerce cannot thrive and society loses its very fabric . hence it can be seen that the two named characteristics of good and evil in zoroastrianismwordswordswordsasha and drujwordswordswordsexhibit the emphasis that zoroastrianism places on human relations , i.e . , commerce .
single-layer , all-region , ntsc , non-anamorphic presentation . optional english and korean subtitles , 915 minutes .
11:05 : ables points out that although legislation is couched as being for , and by , the public , governments have learned how to circumvent " joe q public " .
step 8 : go home and write an e-mail to each other
scott breaks into the home of mayor stone , and gets the shock of a lifetime when he finds a deadly secret in the cellar . stone leads a white supremacist group planning to hunt illegal immigrants and terrorize institutions they deem to be a threat to the white race . too scared to go to the police because of his own criminality , but unwilling to stand by , scott decides to clean up his act and try to stop the extremists himself .
wordswordswordshis message is kept in the hearts of humans,wordswordswords he continued . wordswordswordshow broken and frail are we that he has placed his most precious gift ? yet , he asks us to keep it safe and spread it around for everyone else.wordswordswords
and this week , wewordswordswordsre offering an e-book give-away of weaving magic to one lucky winner who posts a comment ! please leave a comment with your email address and say if you are a new or old follower with google friend connect and what format you want a kindle , nook or pdf . i will email the winner with a copy of the ebook ! good luck !
what if there are children involved ?
she is also unbelievably cynical and because the emotional roller coaster of keeping up with wordswordswordsthe worldwordswordswords and itwordswordswordss happenings are exhausting she tends to avoid taking up ionawordswordswordss offer to pick up pecan nuts , or to build a hide out .
when all i want to do is cuddle closer
i was also going to do red , yellow and blue balloons , but ran out of time .
these taste a lot nicer than shop-bought baked beans and you have control over the amount of sugar you add (if any wordswordswords i donwordswordswordst) . i make this dish in two different ways : really thick with practically no sauce or with sauce by adding passata .
solid as steel
at the approaches of the dawn ,
i have been on the hunt for the perfect banana bread recipe . iwordswordswordsve had it before . back when i was living in washington dc and going to law school , i lived in a house with 2 other women , and during one summer both girls were gone and we had 2 temporary people staying in the house instead . i remember that the girl was very sweet and made this amazing banana bread with blueberries that to this day i have yet to be able to replicate . it was crunchy on the outside and soft and delectable inside . she said it was her momwordswordswordss secret recipe . she wouldnwordswordswordst share . for that i will always harbor some ill will in her direction . even though i canwordswordswordst remember her name or what she looked like . but still ! resent her for keeping that recipe from me i shall !
the funny thing is . ..i may be putting in just as much or even more hours than i did at my previous job but i am still loving it . i know some days will be an absolute failure , but i also know that each and every day will start and end with a smile . :)
7 . cecil bruner and iris in bloom and other flowers in the garden !
haven't written a word since i got back .
super friendly waiters who smile at all the kids even when they are running around underfoot (not mine of course - actually my little ones were on best behaviour today and i was very proud) . i was a little worried that going after church was going to be too much for one day but they were all good as gold .
i rolled back the openings of the bags , tearing and shaping until i was happy with the look . then e and i glued on the natural materials to finish our houses . when they were dry , we asked the new tenants to move in !
there is a plethora of people to choose from , just on g+ alone , to experiment on and get feedback !
gumbo and craft beer are like that . you cannot help yourself , if you pair a well crafted beer with your next cold weather gumbo , you will return to the gumbo pot (and to your ice box) at least two more times . i recommend a good american pale ale , or an american version of an india pale ale . if you must have a lager , try the pilsner urquell wordswordswords especially with a seafood gumbo . the zip from the hops in that beer are refreshing and really cleanses the palate between the spoonfuls of roux , seafood and seasonings .
finally , give him some time . iwordswordswordsve never been married , so itwordswordswordss only been reggie and me for his whole life . hewordswordswordss gone everywhere with me , so please include him on your daily car rides if you can . he sits well in the backseat , and he doesnwordswordswordst bark or complain . he just loves to be around people , and me most especially .
fast forward a few hours - i'm leaving the hair salon and give justin a call to say i'm on my way home - should i get something to eat or did he not eat as well ? very casually he tells me to just come home and we'll figure something out .
so this week's challenge is to make a vintage love card . i'm not really a vintage girl ~ so i do " fake " vintage .
two legged hops (get up high , extend , 40m)
esdc spokeswoman jessica copen explained : " when a development site is assembled by eminent domain , it is typical for the condemning authority to run any properties already owned by the developer through a ' friendly ' condemnation , so as to clear any title defects that may have accumulated over the years . "
so these politics of the soil really do work across species , donwordswordswordst they ? hungary was , after all , the first european country in the 20th century to cap the percentage of jewish students at universities .
note : given the opinion in bilski and the test requiring " transformation or reduction of an article to a different state or thing, " would a method for swinging on a swing be patentable subject matter ? you decide .
28 . my momma's birthday would have been this sunday . i miss her :(
celebrity theatre
i'm leaving for new york soon , and just the thought of that makes me jump up and down with excitement !
the other characters were so much fun-- galen was incredibly dreamy , and i was definitely rooting for him the entire time . i also liked that the book was split in half between emma and galen's povs so we could see both their sides of the story . galen's sister rayna was a real spit-fire , who you hate at first but then come around to liking . she had me cracking up every time she rejected toraf's romantic advances on her , and i couldn't believe how toraf gets back at her for playing hard to get !
on the thursday afternoon he was quite animated,excitedly describing being shown the action of inserting ones arm up the cows jacksy to establish condition.farmer giles had then invited him to perform the procedure himself , he had willingly obliged .
i saw months ago one lovely reportage about the food in the middle ages . people used to eat a bit wordswordswords strangely . well , at least i wouldnwordswordswordst do that to my tongue nowadays ; i cannot say that i would have something against it if i still would live in the middle ages wordswordswords but i can say it out loud : thank god i live today !
2 heat vs . 3 pacers , heat win series 4-0 .
we just loved the duchess of wisbeach . casually flamboyant , it's ultra-styley without feeling too contrived . black , white and dove-grey . small china dogs on each table . full of happy diners .
ultimately , she met and fell in love with carol bradford . they knew each other for years and were in many classes together . they both had a great love for the law . nancy , carol , and randy were in a small student clique , from their poetic justice class . they spent each summer working toward their goals . they traveled together to the appalachia areas of kentucky , to observe the internal laws of mountain people . although carol felt nothing for these backward people , nancy was so touched by them and their way of life . she decided , after seeing the need of these people , that she wanted to become a public defender and live within this community . nancy absolutely loved her work . she was a bleeding heart that wanted to do everything possible to help those who had gotten themselves into a pickle with the law . the appalachian people suffered in ways the clique had never seen before . nancywordswordswordss heart went out to the people she met and she knew this is the place she wanted to be . her heart wouldnwordswordswordst have it any other way .
arthurwordswordswordss attorneys on thursday had sought a stay while the state asks the entire 11th circuit to reconsider the courtwordswordswordss decision .

we talk a lot in these blogs of ours about this and that . often though we return to old favourite topics like camra and its role . i am often seen defending camra , but i like to think i take a pragmatic view of the issues , though of course , for me at least , supporting quality real ale is a given .
if you missed the original post regarding this training , please click on the link to read all about it .
matt zandstra
let her fingers trail over her slick , obsidian scales , tracing where they end and where her pale , almost-human skin began . scutes peppered her shoulders and around her elbows , running down her arms to pool at her wrists like thick cuffs . her tender breasts escaped this monstrosity , however , and she rubbed her dark nipples , reveling in their untarnished beauty .
the true meaning of forgiveness is to liberate yourself from your past , if you can forgive yourself you can always start a fresh and change your life for better . what we miss out most of the times is the cause of that change , itwordswordswordss not because something needs to be done at an outer level , itwordswordswordss something that stems out from within and starts expanding .
" it begins with l ; it's brown ,
that's what this entry is about . i can tell i've upset some people because i'm pregnant again . maybe i should be a little more sensitive to those around me , but this is a happy time for me and my family , and most likely our last child . so , we'd like to enjoy it .
investors , get in contact with someone competent to review the stability of your finances- not by virtue of a tv show or a government license , but by virtue of clear competence as in a long , verifiable track record of accuracy in regard to identifying risk and opportunity well in advance of the majority of the mainstream . also , do not just stop at someone competent in forecasting , but invest in the services of those familiar with the specific ways that you can put your gratitude for your financial abundance into practical action .
arrived at palmetto island state park around 1:00 this afternoon . the roads were pretty bad getting here and things were falling off the walls of the coach that normally don't .
it's always nighttime , as i remember it , or early morning , in the fog . and that was how it was until the night of the snowfall .
top 5 movies of all time : donwordswordswordst know about all time , but ones that spring to mind are to kill a mockingbird ; burnt by the sun ; grosse point blank ; north by north west and a german film called farewell , stranger about a couple who had an intense affair while not sharing a language .
(he comes out naked , covered in saran wrap)
coconut milk , from 1 coconut
i'm kinda liking the away time .
the book mentions five top skills that help kids succeed at school as researched by dr stephen elliott of vanderbilt university . they are :
* coordinate all new furniture items delivered before pack-out date .
i learned a little bit about cartomancy by doing this reading ; i hope you did too .
(2) pantene = 7.49
i'm not sure what the ' technical ' name for these are , but my husband calls them ' donkey ' starts with a ' d ' ends with an ' icks ' (must keep it blogger friendly of course) . if you know of the real name for these , let me know ! it's getting embarrassing to say :)
without this stercobilin , your poop would typically look grey-ish/white . because of this , a sure sign you are having problems with bile production , such as a blocked bile duct by a gall stone or something more serious like pancreatic cancer , is if you notice your poop is this white/grey-ish color .
in 1985 there were 42,000 black students at 5 universities in south africa , about the same amount at the universities of the homelands . but many foreigners have never even heard of the homelands .
as the bbc is reporting , alasdair thompson of the employerswordswordswords and manufacturerswordswordswords association (ema) made the controversial comments on june 23 radio program . wordswordswordswho takes the most sick leave ? women do , in general,wordswordswords he said during a debate on recent figures that showed new zealand women were paid about 12 percent less than men . wordswordswordswhy ? because once a month they have sick problems . not all of them , but some do . they have children that they have to take time off to go home and take leave of . therefore itwordswordswordss their productivity . itwordswordswordss not their fault.wordswordswords
the phrase ' those extra ten pounds ' to follow ' strident ' into history's dim corners . let's add the ability to self-assess how one's ass looks without actually looking at said behind . . . or another woman's .
my father , born in 1937 , often joined his father to visit a woman he remembered as a " nice old lady . " he didn't know until after his father's death that she was a relative . he didn't know his father had been rejected by his family because he married a catholic . he didn't know his dad had bought a house for his parents and his aunt . ..and that aunt was the nice old lady who used to make pies in honor of their visit . he didn't know his father's brother . he didn't know he was a hybrid ; a catholic/jew raised as a catholic .
i was once told that english and american fantasy is so popular in germany that even german fantasy writers adopt anglo-sounding names to improve their publishing chances - can this be true ?
lately , i've been experiencing all kinds of stress . from going through all kinds of berserk moments to complications in my living situation . anyone who ever talks to me , will know that i'm the type of girl with all kinds of true crazy stories . i'm the type of girl that makes insane people look normal .
aaaaand i think iwordswordswordsm done with my little rage .
including : folk hymns with half-a-toblerone , johnny ferguson .
actually , it turns out , with the exception of the ability to be able to give an offering to buddha before the big driving test , it was pretty much the same as a stateside dmv . you walk in , wait in line to get a number to wait in more lines . once you reach the front of said line , a bored bureaucrat watching the clock and counting the minutes until his or her next break does a little something and sends you to the next line . luckily for us , since wewordswordswordsre here in an official capacity , we have a little help with the process . still , in the end , it comes down to paying your fee and sitting in a cubicle with a public servant who has perfected her disaffected sigh . she takes your fingerprint with a scanner and takes the most unflattering picture of you possible , using a webcam , and youwordswordswordsre done . just like back home .
5 tablespoons butter
again , the kitchen is the place to invest , and one of the easiest way to make your kitchen " pop " and set it apart from other kitchens is with a new backsplash . your kitchen can go from outdated to modern in a day , and there's a variety of options to choose from including . . .
mike mage (chair of the montgomery county aclu) raised the point that not just police could wordswordswordsthe owner , operator , or other person in control of the public place or establishment wordswordswords wordswordswordsthe owner , operator , or other person in control of the public place or establishmentwordswordswords could also decide that someone was unlawfully remaining at public place or establishment . melissa goemann of the aclu noted that the lack of mens rea provisions wordswordswords was there intent wordswordswords in the act will affect its constitutionality , as would vagueness .

wow amazing wordswordswords yesterday was a purple day for me . the smell of lavender came in my living room and was so overwhelming i started to sneeze . i was puzzled ? / then i knew i had a visit as i have no flowers in my house , this is an ahh moment . so now it is verified . allergies ? traci my friend , thank you for the visit .
when i wake up , the atmosphere the bedroom is given by this color , brings me in a bright and sunny mood ! i always feel ready to challenge the day !
we , the parents , together with his teachers , past , present and future , all work together to put that foundation together and continue to help construct his wordswordswordsbuildingwordswordswords . quite a big responsibilitywordswordswords.for all of us .
here i stand , damp and peeling
so i'm blogging about it and adding a promise to pick back up my big girl underpants and make this blog more . . . well . . bloggy . i have some valentine projects in the works and will show soon .
i hung the shelves that used to be at the bottom of our landing (the ol ' classic ikea shelves) in our bedroom yesterday . one of them hung facing downward (super annoying - and is , apparently , a common problem with this shelf - blah!!) , so i decided to try and hang it upside down this time to fix the problem , and it worked . for now . hopefully it continues to work ! anyway , this is what it looks like :
phillips told me she's looking forward to some texas barbeque and warmer weather . she is in newark (under a blanket of snow and ice) where she directs the mfa in creating writing at rutgers-newark . she is good friends with uhv's dagoberto gilb , so hopefully we'll get to hang for a while .
the statements and exhibits , contained in a police docket obtained by the investigating officer , bear allegations the nigerian government- now through its south african counterpart- put forward against the alleged former militant leader .
yesterday f and i took a short trail up monte ceva , starting from the church of turri (montegrotto) . it was great work for my healing tendon . it made the dog happy to spend time in the outdoors . we discovered new plants that grow in these parts . the view was better than expected from the top . on a clear day , you can see to the adriatic sea and enjoy plenty of the paduan plains . the only problem was how amazingly humid and hazy it was considering that we are still in april !
whilst an argument could be made for putting all locally delivered public services under the authority of elected local councillors , i cannot see such an argument for unelected and unaccountable local strategic partnerships .
for society , he says .
anastasia liasidou , roehampton university , london , england : inclusive education and critical pedagogy at the intersections of disability , race , gender and class
wordswordswordsthere are mysterious circumstances surrounding his death,wordswordswords said elizabeth espinosa , a news reporter for ktla-tv . wordswordswordswewordswordswordsre told detectives are looking into the possibility that he was poisoned by arsenic.wordswordswords
either of those prompts could have been taken a dozen different ways . and with only a hundred words to bring the prompt to life , i had to choose each word for sound , for meaning , and for rhythm .
even on the most blistering of days itwordswordswordss cool out in the harbor where you can still sense what it must have been like to arrive on an emigrant ship . youwordswordswordsll see the skyline and bridges from a whole different angle while the statue of liberty will only gain in the grandeur of its scale and message .
2) princess laurentien of the netherlands
07 gepetto
in atlantic highlands , nj .
nevertheless . . . i'll try to take you on a tour . i totally missed quite a few exhibits . i felt fine the day we went , but having just gotten over the flu , i didn't have the stamina to make an effort to see everything . i mostly wandered around and enjoyed whatever i encountered . 700 pictures later . . . don't worry , i'll select and organize- you won't see all of those .
check this out !
life is so bizarre sometimes ! we purchased a thickness planer for jimwordswordswordss shop through ebay two weeks ago . the seller was in a town close to us , so we contacted them and asked if we could pick the planer up at their warehouse . after multiple contacts , they finally responded and said yes we could pick it up there and they would refund the shipping amount . we picked it up ; it works fine . however , they refunded the entire amount to us wordswordswords the cost of the item plus the shipping amount . i emailed them and told them wordswordswords they responded with a nice note saying they appreciated our honesty and that usually when this occurs , they never hear from the buyer and lose their money . hmmmmwordswordswordssounds like this has happened before .
**great tip : make extra white beans and puree them into separate portions for later . label your bags with how much beans you put in the bag and keep them in the freezer until you need them . when you are baking , pull out a bag , thaw them in the microwave , and add them to your recipe as desired . it works great !
when serving with idli , mix generous amount of sesame oil or ghee and serve .
it's the first day of fall and everything is washed in golden beautiful-ness !
i donwordswordswordst have a name for the scent yet wordswordswords it will depend on the final blend and what inspiration for a name i get when i smell the final blend .
onto business : today is valentine's day . i like valentine's day . i do not have a valentine , nor do i have the opportunity to get one before the day is out--regardless , i like valentine's day . it provides us with a day focused completely on telling people you love that you love them . while if you need a day to remind you that you love the ones you love , you might need to refocus your priorities , i appreciate the fact that valentine's day gives me an excuse to tell people i love them , to reconnect with old friends , and to spend a day surrounded by love .
everything iwordswordswordsve ever written here is absolutely truewordswordswords.and everything is mine : every thought , every feeling , every word .
as you can see above , the nailpolish is mellow enough to be understated , yet bold enough to still stand out as different .
iwordswordswordsm nearing the end of my second week here . iwordswordswordsve finished my first round of interviews and iwordswordswordsm quite happy with the results so far . the respondents were knowledgeable on the subject , and confirmed each others answers . iwordswordswordsm now on my way to hang yen province to talk with some local government officials and potato farmers and traders .
they are tasty , salty and have a smooth texture wordswordswords you canwordswordswordst usually stop at one . they are so easy to munch on and before you know it wordswordswords bam there goes the bag .
for the ratatouille
make lots and lots of friends wordswordswords especially female ones , if you can . the more people you know , the more opportunities there will be to meet even more people wordswordswords and more potential girlfriends . making friends does require effort ; youwordswordswordsll need to be the one making lots of calls and emails and even the one who arranges some evenings out . the more sociable you appear , the more likely it is that youwordswordswordsll get noticed , too .
how do i feel
as she's turning the interior of her car upside down , i politely interrupted her and told her that i'd have to place her under arrest and take her to jail in the hopes that her case can be heard in front of a judge sometime during the day . she gets out of her car still looking for the missing documents i had verbally warned her for .
it was a bright , sunny day out . i lifted my sunglasses off the top of my head and put them on . i guess there was something about those sunglasses that jogged grandmawordswordswordss memory . for a brief moment , the old grandma i knew and loved looked at me , eyes alert . she turned back to debbie and said , wordswordswordsthat looks like danita.wordswordswords
this means a lot of people i know are thinking about new year resolutions , meaning theywordswordswordsre going to try to achieve a goal during the next year , or are going to change a habit or give up smoking or whatever . in all honesty this can be done at any time of the year , but i suppose it seems more significant to do it at the beginning of the new year , to start over (although it would almost make more sense for americans at least to start over on the first day of spring , because that seems to be more symbolic of renewal and starting over , at least more so than january 1st , in the dead of winter) . really , i canwordswordswordst knock this tradition too much , because iwordswordswordsm getting sucked in by the calendar and have a couple resolutions myself , resolutions that i hopefully donwordswordswordst give up on too early :
" i'm ok mum . " her legs were weak and her knees were trembling with the effort . she leaned her arms onto the car roof and tried to breathe deep and slow . " just . need . to get my . breath . " her mother came round the car and put an arm round her .
panini america is the only company in the world that manufactures licensed trading cards and stickers for the nfl , nflpa , nba , nhl , nhlpa , mlbpa and fifa world cup . the company also owns exclusive entertainment licenses with disney , justin bieber and michael jackson , and more than 600 global licenses with other sports and entertainment properties .
weaving wind waves wheat
that you should enter under my roof ,
well , i have been finished christmas shopping for a while . around this time every year , i like to sit back , spend time with my family , finish all of my christmas concerts and of course , indulge in some scrapbooking , cards and tags !
what first seems like a dense , tortured tale that would only appeal to gamers turns out to be an enjoyably accessible adventure with plenty of visual and dramatic appeal . i've already come across some more hardcore fan reviews comparing it unfavorably with this or that , or pointing out ways in which the animation , voice acting , etc . fall short of the norm , but as for me dragon age : dawn of the seeker is just plain fun .
as the singer gets closer to the diaphragm . singers can use this effect to achieve a larger , fatter tone .
required skills :
selevan sg , lindbohm ml , hornung rw , hemminki k . a study of occupational exposure to antineoplastic drugs and fetal loss in nurses . n engl j med 1985 ; 313 : 1173-1178 .
5 . any change in the law to allow assisted suicide would place pressure on vulnerable people to end their lives for fear of being a financial , emotional or care burden upon others . this would especially affect people who are disabled , elderly , sick or depressed .
thatwordswordswordss what you get when you run around drunk , in a foreign country , and soliciting prostitutes when you work for the president of the united states . bam , whack , slapped down , like in an episode of wordswordswordsbatman,wordswordswords those guys got what was coming to them .
prayer life : my goal is to live life inside of godwordswordswordss will and purpose for me . in order to line up with godwordswordswordss will , i am working to strengthen my prayer life . i feel this should be a great focus for my last 50 days . i want to build more quiet times of listening to god into my every day . like brushing my teeth , i donwordswordswordst want to start or end my day without doing it . having 5 children makes this a challenge . but it is possible . i have been praying at the start of my day . and iwordswordswordsm reading the gospel verses of the day most mornings now . it is the end of my day that needs that quiet listening the most , i think . and the morning could be stretched to a longer amount of quiet with him .
so , obviously , that said , iwordswordswordsm going to go put on a load of laundry now . and maybe vacuum or somethingwordswordswords
1-5 cosmic slop
what is supposed to happen is the parts that are received into the store against a job card are to be placed into their relevant tub in the workshop immediately . the leading hand is then to periodically check the tubs to see if all the items have arrived , according to the requisition and if they have then they can then appoint the job to one of the trades people . because these jobs arenwordswordswordst a priority they have been put back again and again until they have been somewhat forgotten .
our new neighbour jim is a " snake man " at least that is how he is known around the district . he has a zoo of venomous snakes and works as a pest controller , a job that he revels in . we now gather our food scaps for the chickens and his pigs ! our first week an 8 foot water python was our new resident after escaping from jim's truck . (don't worry people they are not venomous and don't like humans) .
last week , our family was invited to go to a nuggets game with starlight foundation , which we immediately took them up on ! it was actually our first event as a starlight family , so we didn't really know what to expect .
buckle up , america . itwordswordswordss going to be a very long , hot summer .
source : washington times wordswordswords h/t to mj
i donwordswordswordst read is much as iwordswordswordsd like . i read most on holiday when i make sure i am not working . the problem i find is when iwordswordswordsm reading at home i feel i should be writing . plus i have less patience for a poorly written book nowadays , so have a tendency to stop books half-way through if iwordswordswordsm not enjoying them .
the key word in that quote was infinite . i felt infinite when i was reading this book . this book was so enjoyable . it made me forget everything that i had been worrying about in my life and it was just so darn good . i haven't been able to read anything good in a while (and i began to think there was no more good books like ever) but pt made me change my mind about my decision whether to keep blogging , whether there were any more good books left in this world , and my blog name .

8:00 am moscow on 21st january 2012
wordswordswordsdan owordswordswordsryan was once the wealthiest man in the san fernando valley and ophelia , his wife and norbertwordswordswordss mother , was the most beautiful,wordswordswords old charlie cohan told me as we rode our bikes . sam , pedaling at one mile an hour , on the other side of me , agreed and said , with admiration , wordswordswordsophelia had an affair with howard hughes.wordswordswords
similar protests were announced across dozens of us localities and in countries ranging from spain to australia .
something happened to my router . or maybe it was my dsl . or something . anyway , i couldn't get online . i learned something about myself when i couldn't get online . i have an addiction . when i couldn't log on , i started hyperventilating , freaking out that i was missing . ..i don't even know what i was missing , but i was sure i was missing something ! something big and important and terribly exciting ! my heart was beating 200 times a minute and i started twitching . i , the person who used to say that computers were evil , was going through withdrawal because i couldn't connect to the cyberworld .
. .and this final thought : that large peak you see in the background is called huayna picchu and you can hike up to its top if you have the legs for it .
and long that we'd have faith to believe
wordswordswordstis the gift to come down where you ought to be ,
and , talking about exaggerations , what did you think about those " millions of our bodies " which he's predicting will be sacrificed fighting against tyranny ? is that a great example of grandiose victimism , or what ?
yesterday was different . we visited the morgan car factory - a 2-hour tour that anyone can take , but this was organised by tcas as part of the ' escape to the hills ' weekend . what always fascinates me when on such an outing is looking behind the scenes , the organisation , the attention to detail in so many aspects of a company . this post will not be a ' write-up ' of morgan - a british-owned , family-run firm since 1905 , every beautiful car put together by hand , skilled workforce using hand-tools - just a gallery of the snapshots i was able to take as we walked from one dedicated workshop to another . i won't even caption the photos , for i cannot pretend to understand the technical aspects ; hopefully such shots as i was able to take will speak for themselves . words fail me for once - though i could research it if i needed to ; most of the time i couldn't hear the tour guide anyway , for i lagged behind aiming for photos that showed the workmanship and not the backs of strangers !
2 dashes angostura bitters
the month is almost over and itwordswordswordss been an incredible year so far . this struggle will have to sit in the back burner because the joys so far outweigh anything . i think iwordswordswordsm not going to fight this battle because these three young women have shown me a shade of what itwordswordswordss like to be a dad to a little girl .
last night was a common experience in the fact that loser ninja was , well , just neato ; as per usual . loser ninja is an apt term , because i didnwordswordswordst realize that he was the actual definition of a loser when we started dating 2 wordswords years ago , (wordswordswordsbu-bu-but , melissa ! whowordswordswordss tso and why are you wordswordswordspiningwordswordswords over them if youwordswordswordsve been dating someone for so long ? how is this possible ? wordswordswords because it is . so there . tso was the greatest love of my life , i know that . maybe there will be another even better , but as of right tso is the catwordswordswordss knees and the bees pajamas- or however that goes . *smiles* look , i never bought into the bs about one person for one person , you only have one great love , youwordswordswordsre made for only one other person . and thatwordswordswordss good or else i would be even more lonely , bitter , and angry then i am . tso was my soulmate , as in we were literally the same person most of the time . loser ninja is a great love of my life . as is boytoy and mr . ex . if that doesnwordswordswordst make sense to you , then i donwordswordswordst know what else to say . iwordswordswordsm an emotional whore then- deal with it . i am . *grins*) it snuck up on me .
yes friends : it's a volvo c-70 convertible . isn't it drool-worthy ? yes . yes it is .
great question ! a variation of this titling issue happens to a lot of people--you know , having the perfect title for your book and then realizing there are a host of outside circumstances working against your using that perfect title .
1947 wordswordswords gentlemanwordswordswordss agreement
more feelings of sadness
ten years later , sage (senior adults for greater education) www.beasage.org operates in 35 schools with 175 volunteers . along the way , beryl has established great working relationships with teachers and principals , and drawn in local politicians , corporate bigwigs , and legal eagles that love getting involved in this innovative win-win program .
a variation of the project sketch . i used a similar photo block placement for the main block of photos and also kept papers at the bottom (but curved) . i did add an extra photo but i still felt quite inspired by the original . i used the sweet serenity mini kit from shabby princess designs .
arise , o compatriots , nigeriawordswordswordss call obey , to serve our fatherland with love and strength and faith . the labour of our heroes past shall never be in vain , to serve with heart and might , one nation bound in freedom , peace and unity .
other " mini miracles " from this month include :
i made a comment too . i talked about how i dread the day that we all wake up to see the headlines " britney is dead! " and just like anna nicole smith , people will suddenly be so nice . there will be tributes to her and they will finally have a little bit of sympathy . they stopped slamming anna nicole after she was dead , probably to assuage their guilt . yes guilt , because anyone with half a brainv knew that anna nicole's problems had more to do with the fact that she came from a low-class background . they understood it all along , but it was fun to rip her apart . just like they apparently have so much fun ripping britney apart and eating her heart .
5 . i am 5ft 6 " with size 5.5 feet .
bereznik - some sort of russian / eastern europe influence . automaton army created and maintained by dwarves . in a constant state of war against stygia , holding back the tide of eeeevil .
but i'm not a moth that singes
fax : (212) 258-6464
or the easiest way,just click the twitter icon in this blog .
the rainiers lost on tuesday to fresno , 11-5 , and the grizzlies won the series , three game to one .
the book could also be about sucking the power of childhood away from kids when they hit the ripe , old age of 13 . ok , maybe the number is just a random one , chosen by the author it is the age most kids think about as the entry point to pseudo-adulthood . we do call 13-year-olds " young adults . " maybe cody is trying to say that by immersing this age group in many of the events and conundrums our generation faced at a much older age , we are taking away the power of childhood . i don't know . as an adult , that's what i thought of while i read the book . i would be interested to hear your takes on the book . let me know .
so it is absolutely no surprise that a thoroughgoing anti-democrat should spend most of his life slandering anyone who dare contradict any of his world views . his stalinist instincts are showing themselves even without him having any real or direct state power . imagine what this man , and his communist friends , would do if they had concrete state power . just imagine it for one moment .
considering the considerable carrying costs and no-doubt balloon-like renovation and redecoration expenses , not to mention the real estate fees that could easily run into the hundreds of thousands , it appears to your mama that even if mister seacrest's real estatewordswordswordsunquestionably one of the most successful in los angeleswordswordswordsmanages to pull in a full price sale he still stands to lose a pretty-pretty penny on the property , a pain and suffering your mama imagines just might be at least somewhat mitigated for mister s . by an annual income that reportedly exceeds $55,000,000 .
iwordswordswordsve used this quote a million times wordswordswords but it really applies to so much of my life :
today , a story in the free press of wordswordswordsa person dressed in womenwordswordswordss clothingwordswordswords found shot to death near woodward and mcnichols in detroit . neighbors say the area is wordswordswordsplagued with prostitution wordswordswords women prostitutes and prostitutes who are men dressed like womenwordswordswords and that made me remember .
getting to the root of red and white :
so let's talk about game meats . for most of my life i never ate them . no one in my family or in my circle of friends hunts , so i grew up sheltered from venison , rabbit , pheasant , quail , and other meats like it . at first my reaction was purely just disgust . " ewwwww . ..you shot bambi . " i wouldn't touch something like that just on principle . hunted meat seemed so cruel .
for me , cooking awesome meals used to be fun . this was somewhere during , ohwordswordswords maybe the first six months of my marriage ? i was determined to be the good little wife that tried new recipes almost every night of the week , and i beamed when my husband loved them and pouted when a meal didnwordswordswordst turn out as great as iwordswordswordsd hoped . but somewhere along the way , i burned out on all the cooking (as i often do withwordswordswords everything) , and i never really got back into it . now i stick to tried and true recipes (especially ones that are extremely easy) , and i grumble to myself all throughout the process of preparing a meal . when iwordswordswordsm not begging to go out somewhere to eat , that is . terrible , i know .
youwordswordswordsre out to arrest a wanted war criminalwordswordswordswho would disagree with such a military operation ? certainly not another wanted war criminal like president omar al-bashir . of sudan . who the icc would like to arrest for war crimes . in darfur . where kony and the lra might be . if you realize the err of your ways , take a shot of jaeger and grab the nearest gerard prunier book .
letwordswordswordss put this to the test . sally zigmond is a good friend of mine and she comments regularly on this blog . her first novel , hope against hope , is published today by myrmidon books and its cover appears at the top of this article . what iwordswordswordsd like you to do is suggest what genre sally writes in , and hazard a guess about her novel's subject-matter , just by looking at the cover . you're not allowed to look it up on amazon , because that would be cheating . and no , mrs zigmond , while youwordswordswordsre allowed to comment youwordswordswordsre not allowed to play because you already know all the answers !
eventually i found the hardpack and things improved . picking up a bit of speed cleared the tyres , brakes and guards of the worst of the mud . even the firm mud iwordswordswordsd rode on early posed little problem as i approached it uphill this time .
the near 800 mile trek we made following our pbo , that made me happy to have a focal vehicle , and the security of if something happened to us . .someone would know . i very happy with my truck , it gave us all a good ride with enough power to manage the massive hills pulling the 2 horses in the 3 horse space .
compression mode : lossy
7) headliners
senator kennedy said : " we must adopt a system of gasoline rationing without delay, " in " a way that demands a fair sacrifice from all americans . "
on monday the new york times had an article about brides using a feeding tube diet to lose weight . the may issue of glamour , had an article about women so desperate to lose weight that they getting an operation called pose , which is a surgery similiar to gastric bypass surgery , just to lose 25 pounds ! these surgeries cost anywhere from $1000 to $12,000 and are not even fda approved . no one knows what the long term effects will be . i have personally seen women with chunky patches or lumps on their legs and thighs from liposuction . those are just the visible signs , but what about the patients i have trained who have had gastric bypass ? there are numerous health complications from that as well .
friday . ..i went for my cd3(cycle day 3)(sorry any men that read this) ultrasound and blood work . they called me friday afternoon and everything looks great and that i should start my injections . yes , that means i am giving myself a shot every night but the process is so easy and the needle is so small so no biggie . joe planned on going into work after my appointment but didn't . :o) our neighborhood does a community garage sale a few times a year which means they put out an ad in the paper and a bunch of signs with a map of where each home participating is . then , you decide if you want to do a garage sale and set-up like a normal garage sale at your home . so pretty much you get the advertising for free as you don't have to put up signs or an ad in the paper . we set-up and " opened " at 8 am and i left at 8:40 am for my appointment . i got back at 9:30 am and things were hopping ! we ended up selling so much that we didn't even " open " up today(sat.) . joe decided to just work from home which was awesome ! he had a few concalls but spent lots of time with us . we got pf changs for lunch(my fav) , took a ride on the golf cart , went on a bike ride , and a few other fun things . the weather was out of this world ! low 80's , no humidity , sunny , and a nice breeze ! we were literally outside from 8 am until 1 am . i should say that it was the adults that stayed up that late not the kiddos ! we had some good friends over so it was fun to sit out back in the nice weather . so all in all a great day with my boys , friends , a bonus of extra cash , and of course the fact that we got rid of stuff! ! !
6 . wordswordswordsgodless brother in lovewordswordswords by iron & wine
he stared at me in shock and then started laughing so hard he had to stop walking . we stood in the middle of the hallway and i watched both directions as i waited for him to get control of himself . if someone came along and saw him like this , it wouldnwordswordswordst go well for me . when he caught his breath he said , wordswordswordsyou never thought of giving me anything.wordswordswords he repeated it as if it was the punch line to a good joke . wordswordswordsnot even
tamarind- a small lime size
i am now child-free , during school hours , five days a week . if i had waited for the perfect time , i'd probably just be starting out now . or washing my windows .
and finally , last but not least the summers studio ceramic focal , the blue melon beads , and brass toggle were all used to create this piece . lots of copper wire , some teal and magenta colored freshwater pearls , some rondelles of aquaterra (also called sediment) jasper and some chain and i came up with this . . .
why the hell did i decide to install windows xp on my six-year-old gateway pc ?
hi tourists ,
11:45 a.m . wordswordswords 1 p.m.wordswordswords lunch on your own
similar types framework unique , but sometimes puzzled with unwordswordsrelated blackbirds , which often co-occur with starlings in large flocks . blackbirds more trim bodied , with longer tails and less-pointy wings . trip account more like a waxwingwordswordswordss or a meadowlarkwordswordswordss than blackbirdwordswordswordss .
a thought about the grim reaper argument occurred to me , and i wanted to quickly jot it down to see where it goes .
only problem here is that tejada , while he should have made every effort to attend camp as an early bird , didnwordswordswordst technically have to . after all , collins mentioned it after tejada didnwordswordswordst show up . he also canwordswordswordst make him report early .
so hang on to me , girl
wordswordswords steve wheeler , associate wordswordswords moore stephens
my experience over the years has lead me to believe that , under stress , people will default to their most basic personalities without the protections normally provided by our wide variety of trappings and rationalizations . when people get stressed , it's better for them to not make major decisions or attempt to learn new tasks , as they are often too near their own personal boiling point to think with clarity and appreciate the experience . in such circumstances , the concept of a time out has merit . when i think of time outs , i think of them in their original context , sports . as both a player and a coach , i have used time outs as opportunities to rest , to recalibrate , to refocus , and to strategize . i have used to stop the action for a short time while the players get an opportunity to remove themselves from the tension of the moment so they can think clearly about what is important to them and how to accomplish it . but this is not only critical in sports , or at work ; i think it's also critical in relationships , particularly partnering and parenting . let's face it , partnering and parenting under even the best of conditions can periodically be stressful , and fluid , and challenging , and maddening . as our children grow and our partnerships evolve , it is easy to forget to take a breather and reassess the control we each have of our own roles in the circumstances of our lives . i find that my family changes a little bit with each new joy , each new sorrow , each new desire , and each new experience they have . the worst thing i can do is to allow that change to occur without considering how i will interact with it , respond to it , embrace it , or resist it . if i don't , i may be unable to deal with the changes , unable to fit the newness in amongst all of my self-imposed " must dos " that sometimes take over my time and my brain .
for me , this is interesting and helps me reflect on the methodological paradigm in which i am working . what will my research methods reveal about the context in which i operate ? can i find a way of reflecting on this when discussing my methodology ? can i make it part of the research rather than secondary to the data collected from interviewees .
my plan is to a grouping of these shabby white frames and their lithographs ready for a wall hanging . what a difference to see these bits of victoriana in nice light pale frames , such a difference to the thin black narrow frames that you normally see these black and white images in . up-cycling is the name of the game in todaywordswordswordss modern interior decor .
the scary stories of the great white north are less punctuated by shock and gore , she says , than wordswordswordsmurky , uncertainwordswordswords endings .
seoul on wheels is serving bulgogi , spicy pork , chicken , tofu kimchee fried rice , korritos , tacos , daniel burgers all day at sf state @sfsu science buildings , 11-6 .
i am sure harold and mona are together in heaven united in love like the day they first met . i'll look after their simple treasures as i am sure they would want someone to . it's not in the value , it is truly in the meaning and that , like love in your heart and your life , is priceless .
though there were practically as many countries as there
berlin , june 1938
because on pad i wrote
ezekiel 28:8 wordswordswordsthey will bring you down to the pit , and you will die a violent death in the heart of the sea.wordswordswords
mac msfn medium
isa 59:19 : so shall they fear the name of the lord from the west , and his glory from the rising of the sun . when the enemy shall come in like a flood , the spirit of the lord shall lift up a standard against him .
wordswordswordsi cooked some beef today because it was on sale and i hadnwordswordswordst had any in a while . i was going to cook a nice chicken curry with rice but then realized that it was going to be just me and i needed to eat that beef because it was starting to stink . it needed some salt , so i salted it . iwordswordswordsd say it was pretty okay because i didnwordswordswordst get all that sick.wordswordswordswordswordswords
for kerry
rock n roll was was a jubilant burst of emotions that got everyone moving . these base emotions are just not the basis for art and the implication of intentional thought or messages behind the works .
problem number two : while waiting for that , i started working on the uk 7 " version , which is not an edit of the album mix (though it initially sounds like it is) , and then the unique canadian version . however , both our copies of the canadian version simply played the uk 7 " mix . i figured that the " unique canadian mix " was simply one of those mix-ups or misunderstandings that got perpetuated over the internet , and gave an update to the new order online forum that it was a myth .
i just hope that their soon-to-be popularity doesn't lead to them being bred indiscriminately . the breed today has almost no genetic disorders and is extremely healthy , smart and well adjusted to family life -- as it has been for millennia . traces of the podengo's dna are found in little , scruffy , pointy-eared dogs all over the world -- pretty much wherever the portuguese explorers landed -- as the podengo pequeno were used as ratters on portuguese sailing vessels . but it takes only a few generations of poor breeding in puppy mills to destroy a breed . so let's hope , for the sake of the adorable podengo , that scruffy dog lovers will get their dogs from reputable breeders who are taking care to maintain this ancient breed's wonderful characteristics .
my young daughter catches the bus to and from school un-chaperoned
one year at school i just wore a tiara and a b on my chest and went as the queen b
" the pakistani suppliers have had a good reputation among global sports firms ever since child labor was officially banned here . children as young as 10 years old used to stitch footballs until there was an international outcry about it . the sports companies , accustomed to nurturing their image with huge sums of money , got worried about their reputation . so they sided with human rights campaigners and exerted pressure . in 1997 , pakistani suppliers and representatives of unicef and the international labor organization signed the atlanta agreement in which the industry agreed to stop the use of child labor .
also , etsy has tons of adorable printables for pretty cheap , there are some cute western themed clothes , crayons , etc . there too !
prepare the white sauce* and combine it with the cream of mushroom soup . add enough extra milk if necessary to make the mixture loose enough - it should look about as thick as clam chowder or a spaghetti sauce . pour the mixture into a large bowl .
we found this sign to be placed in a rather unfortunate spot .
jeans : target $28.00
rubber (dupieux)
-hewordswordswordss going to grow government ,
i just love everything about this layout . i used lots of scraps from echo park and bo bunny
you gotta go where you gotta go , and thankfully here in ohio i'm 2 minutes away from the afb . so off to the er it was for me .
recently i have been involved with still life . i am asking myself the question , can still life be distinctive ? i have been trying to simplify , but i think it has made a jump , and i just have to continue and see where it leads .
as we travel and teach around the globe , many people ask us , wordswordswordshow can i find a qualified meditation teacher ? wordswordswords the answer is not always an easy one . when we first began our own practice , there were three meditation centers in seattle and two yoga teachers . now , there are thousands of yoga and meditation teachers and hundreds of meditation centers ! in looking for a spiritual or wordswordswordsmind fitnesswordswordswords teacher , the qualities to look for include compassion , knowledge and insight , morality , sincerity and skill wordswordswords both in teaching and in their way of living wordswordswords and a greater realization of their true nature and highest potentials than you have . from your own side , you should have confidence in your teacher and be able to communicate well with him or her . however , donwordswordswordst set out on a frantic guru hunt ! we encourage you to proceed slowly , mindfully , and to be both open-minded and very discerning . it may be a matter of years before you meet the person who can answer your questions and be this special spiritual friend and teacher for you .
a smoky pall hangs over the tan and red ground , filling our lungs and eyes as we wade ever deeper into the swarms of mantis like beasts .
here is an wordswordswordshonestwordswordswords photo . not for me pretty pictures that make you think that everything is hunky dory on serendipity farm (theres a childrenwordswordswordss book in that!) . this is the true state of affairs . this area is under the deck , just around the corner from the last pictures and when we get a spare day we are going to make a walkway through here up to where we have the remainder of our potted babies to be planted out . why havenwordswordswordst we done this before today ? no ideawordswordswordslets just say we like to make things difficult for ourselves and be done with it eh ?
hope you enjoy the lesson and send comments that were every bit as good as the ones northwood students sent us .
unpublished writers commonly ask ' how do i stop a publisher ripping off my idea if i send in an outline/story ? ' of course , the answer is ' why would they ? ' having ideas is the easy bit - writing the book is work . i have very , very occasionally heard of a publisher stealing an idea . on the whole , it's pointless (as well as unprofessional) . they would still need to get someone to write the book , so if they like the idea , why not go with the person who is keen to write it ? unless they can't write for toffee , of course . but if you can't write for toffee , you're never going to get a publishing contract , so don't worry about it .
the contention is that much of this wordswordswordsillegal loggingwordswordswords is carried out by the licence holders themselves who want to maximise their profits on the area and avoid tax .
reduce heat and cook until thickened to your desired consistency . again stirring often . this may take another hour or even several hours .
he will not abandon his heritage . . . (i really am not alone)
* the claim that the wax facilitated through-plating and soldering operations through the protective coating operated as a performance requirement of the claim . mann j was right that " facilitating " required practical benefits and that , so far as the question of infringement was concerned , siemens was entitled to rely on any means by which the wax in thorn's product made through-plating and soldering through the coating easier in a practical sense .
wordswordswords . .except for our broadband connection . whether the fault lay in the router or the laptop i donwordswordswordst know and j didnwordswordswordst much care either way . the fact that he couldnwordswordswordst connect to his favourite site was enough to spark a tantrum of gargantuan proportions ! being told to wait just fanned the flames higher . j screamed , stormed and menaced . added to the problem was dadwordswordswordss disappearance from the house (as he fled off to teach a student) leaving me to grapple with setting up another computer to allow him to watch a dvd whilst sorting out the connection problem on the other and preventing j from harming himself . the connection wizard finally and after several irritating pop up windows/reboots , (which on our very slow computer is beyond frustrating,) sorted out the problem and normal service was resumed . j realising that his plans could now be fulfilled transformed into a happy boy , tears instantly drying on his cheeks , a smile lighting up his face .
a piece of advice is easy to utter for those who are in need but it often inapplicable for myself for the similar situation . seeing close ones around me getting stranger from time to time but me , still standing still here not willing to move forward . . .
emshwiller : oh , before , you mean ?
/ story .
but most importantly , i love making time each day to meet with god through my bible reading and prayer .
itwordswordswordss a difficult balance to attain .
add garlic and tomatoes and continue to sautee
as far as the kids behavior , the behave better in the car because they have more room to move around and more space for toys . also , when the tantrums do manifest themselves , i can just ignore it and tune them out until it passes without worrying about what the other passengers may think of me or them .
after each yearwordswordswordss peace prize is announced , the lovely people at the nobel peace center have only a few weeks to create an exhibition in time for the laureates to open it . this yearwordswordswordss exhibition is called sheroes . http://nobelpeacecenter.org/english/ ? did=9087488
feel like coffins .

29 have been accused of spousal abuse 7 have been arrested for fraud
and i get to dance with my sisters .
a while back i had asked for some guest posts and my lovely friend linda from the blog ciao chow linda has been gracious enough to bestow one upon me . i have been reading linda's blog for years now and she never fails to delight with her travels and with her recipes . i hope you enjoy this post as much as i do .
56 . visited the great wall of china
you will not get away from one . this is the number god made everything to be : one .
how long will i be required to work on the team :
tore a sheet from a notepad ( from the same section) and stuck that in the middle . enter my last yearwordswordswordss rub-ons , an adhesive scrabook border and done and done .
bake at 350 degrees for 15 minutes or until cake tester comes out clean .
mccullers ja , speck km , williams bf , liang h , mirro j jr . increased influenza vaccination of healthcare workers at a pediatric cancer hospital : results of a comprehensive influenza vaccination campaign . infect control hosp epidemiol 2006 ; 27 : 77-79 .
so when gary drove up in this beauty , a two-thousand-something mercury grand marquis--
now just some funny reminders and things iwordswordswordsm going to always be mentioning at the end of my posts .
i also understand that bad american is currently working on a full length lp that i am sure will be killer , so if you own a label or know someone who does then please drop bad american an email because i want to hear more from these guys . ..dave g .
herewordswordswordss a wordswordswordsget you thru thursdaywordswordswords picture , that pretty much sums up my first week in nyc !
he admits himself that he brought unwelcome attention to himself by wordswordswordsmeddling in affairs too deep for a poor poet , by which i had provoked enmity of powerful men with who i could not contend , failing to realize they were jackals , not lions , that they would not be satisfied until they had severed my head from my body.wordswordswords
abide time
yesterday we had our first nyc pack walk ! five pitties and five humans braved central park for our first walk . we learned a lot of things we did " wrong " but we know one thing went right : havi was totally confident in her pack . i know sometimes it seems havi is the perfect pup (which she is) , but she has major leash aggression issues . well , the second havi started walking with her pack , she was golden . she didn't act out or even bother to play with any of the other pitties . she knew she had a job to do , and that was to walk with her pack . she seemed most comfortable at the back of the pack , with adoptable pinky from that touch of pit .
anime wordswordswords pressure mounting
generally speaking , itwordswordswordss a little cooler in denmark than in perth (5 hour drive to the north) , and they get a bit more rain . as it turns out perth was also cooler and rainier while we were away so i guess we didnwordswordswordst really miss the heat .
what stands out ? the relationship between pale ale and ipa . the latter is indicated as being both stronger and more heavily hopped . you can probably recall me mentioning the odd 3,000 times that ipa was not a strong beer . but here it is clearly indicated as pa's big brother .
mixed citrus blend (orange , lemon and lime) -
garlic - 5 cloves finely chopped
we did get some help in the form of food/cooking oil from ethiopian red cross , but no compensation for the destroyed properties . eventually things calmed down , and people were asked to re-settle , to go back to the village . some people did return , but majority of them left the area altogether . my family decided to stay in the small town , though financially we had a hard time ; we literally had almost nothing as most of what my parents owned was left behind . at least we were alive because some people had perished in the cover of darkness .
injected directly into her heart causing it to stop . (this
riddled with conflicts and contradictions , our divisive society has not much to commend itself . we have not only a durga to deify but also a draupadi to disrobe . this dichotomy is of a piece with our double-dealing which is a sort of national trademark . going by sheer numbers , women constitute no less than a half of our population , yet their travails suggest as though they are in a hopeless minority .
this yearwordswordswordss wikimania will take place in july in washington dc .
as bryce sat at our dining room table working on a puzzle , trevin excitedly came over to " help " him . as he was giving bryce pieces to the puzzle , the following conversation ensued . . .
at the same time , avoid or instruct producers and directors to avoid use of dialects in or poorly scripted movies or idiotic dramas as this is probably a foreign method to cause young people to turn their backs for a supposedly more wordswordswordsformalwordswordswords language like wordswordswordsenglishwordswordswords . again the insular classes as in the past should never learn external languages and hire local translators for travel purposes if needed . finally do not abuse non-users of own dialects or outsiders foreign or chinese , even within china , as that dialect will have another opponent as well as the local community being considered rude . lower tier areas of course are inhabited by coarser people and in general a map of areas considered socially unsuitable for foreigners and even locals could be developed and updated by courtesy auditors who could travel about and rate the locals in any given area . a culture of politeness borne of a desire to not be marked as a tourism or even local tourism unsuitable area could drive a society to be better .
our peacekeeping capacity and the
an wordswordswordsifwordswordswords clause is an extraordinarily bad thing to leave out of a quote . if i had to be a type of cheese , being swiss is best . what makes this tragic is that king had the ability to say precisely what he meant , with enormous impact . the culprit ? not , as she notes , the scholars consulting on the project , who employed the full quotation . she had no answer at the time , and simply called for correction : wordswordswordsi say , letwordswordswordss undo the mistake . letwordswordswordss get the chisels back out.wordswordswords
sitting among the clothes , i assume she was carefully examining each article to see if it was clean and dry . *wink* . so adorable it was! . . . and of course , i had to grab my camera to sneak up on her and capture it all .
my sole issue is the title . well , also the cover , but having worked at a publisher i know thatwordswordswordss not his fault . but there couldnwordswordswordst have been less creative thought put into this title unless it was called wordswordswordsa book about tigers and suchwordswordswords . nevermind , that would have been better . i suggest wordswordswordsjaws 4 : the revenge : this time itwordswordswordss personal (but with a tiger)wordswordswords . or something , it could be worked on from there .
as a fan and follower of the vlog brothers i consider myself a nerdfighter so have chosen to pass on the community message of choosing to feel awesome . hence why i have been finishing my posts with dftba .
wordswordswords be cautious about identifying juvenile suspects or victims of sex crimes .

here are some charts highlighting my latest trades .
just donwordswordswordst do it indefinitely
the evil eastern european followed us down the street in his little ford coupe with its daft spoiler and chase ultra violet lights . he blasted this un at us
wordswordswordsyou can ? wordswordswords
fall and holiday craft season is here ! i've done several small fairs over the past couple of years , and each time i try to note what i should do for more success in the future . ..figuring out what/how much to sell was probably the biggest pain in the " bucket " when i was just getting my feet wet . i finally decided to . . .
he was dashing and brave
anzi , volete saperlo , ne sono proprio fiera .
my age and having a stable job not only qualify , but almost compel me to make " the switch " .
as you know i've been creating two kits and launching them at the beginning of each month . i know many of you have said you really want to use up your supplies that you have on hand and you just want instructions . so with that in mind i am going to do things a little different for september .
i donwordswordswordst wana email forever and i will voice verify before we plan to meet .
this is an image i drew , using pastels many years back , which was a replica of a very unique image of the sacred heart which was owned by my great grandfather . this was going to be my design for the embroidered sacred heart , i would also use the ivy pattern around edges as well .
herewordswordswordss what i canwordswordswordst control :
the exhaust loops forwards before turning back on itself to route towards the diffuser . this set up is used as it keep the exhaust well forwards within the sidepod , which helps to keep the sidepods tight and slim . we cant see the final section of floor , this might need to be removed in order to take the floor off .
the kickerwordswordswordsjesus knew she wasnwordswordswordst going to let that little boy down . he knew she was going to be faithful to do her part despite her not knowing she was sending her son prepared to be an integral part of miracle .
and i am thankful for everything
more times they won't .
patients were regularly popping their clogs due to end stage renal
more than 3 cats requires a kennel license .
but what a glorious catastrophe we were
i changed brands because new balance is a local company and they make their shoes right in massachusetts . the people who made my shoes probably live within 50 miles of my house and i like to think iwordswordswordsm helping put food on their table . how often do you get to make the choice to support local workers these days ? we used to make a lot of running shoes in massachusetts but new balance is the only company still doing it as far as i know .
on his return enos was a changed chimp . this once surly and mean spirited chimpanzee apparently jumped for joy , ran excitedly around the deck of the recovery ship and merrily shook the hands of the researchers . many who met him after his return commented that it was like meeting a different chimp . this is his story . . . "
it's the middle of the night at the orphanage for girls in depression-era new york city . the orphans are asleep when molly , a 6-year old orphan , suddenly wakes up from a dream and cries out for her mother . annie rushes over to comfort her and dry her tears . molly begs annie to read her the note she always keeps in her pocket , a note that annie's parents left when they abandoned her as a baby . annie , ever-hopeful that her parents will one day return for her , reads the note aloud as the girls dream about what it would be like to have a real home with real parents . then annie holds molly close and sings to her about the parents she imagines but has never known :
it would be pretty funny to hear back from him via this blog , but i really doubt hewordswordswordss going to be googling about an organizer he lost 20 years ago . and i would have trouble believing it to be him , even if a comment was left to that effect .
web browsing
belle is intelligent and most of the time behaves herself much like a lady , or a cat . except on walks . i can manipulate dogs too , all i have to say is walk and bellewordswordswordss ears perk up and she gets excited . but i feel bad if i do it too often just to get a picture (she understands what a walk is) .
why do most of wordswordswordsuswordswordswords do that ?
wordswordswordsiwordswordswordsm doing a chili for citywordswordswordss match against readingwordswordswords he told us .
wondering how to finish your evening look off ? make-up goddess lisa eldrige pairs osmanwordswordswordss seamless hair choice with eyes like gasoline . black crwordswordsme shadow on the lids and a smudged lower lash line go off like a puff of smoke . pow !
domain transfers are not so much fun
it is not without its insights , either , and like his witticisms these are embedded like bonbons throughout ; asides and observations that either make you smile or think .
in short , then , the problem was not hitlerwordswordswordss deceit of the communists , or the fake socialism of the nazi party , but that the communists and the socialist nationalists were fighting to control the same people and the same political territories ; just like , say , the fights between the swp and workers liberty or the swp and the communist party (i.e . , searchlight and hope not hate) .
2007 : kevin youkilis (dnp)
next sundays winner will receive five yes five digis of choice and our runner up will receive 3 digi's of choice from our store , including our christmas new releases . . .
dinner was fresh , fresh , fresh . colorful fruits and veggies , steaks and skewers and corn off the cobb . (plug for my husband wordswordswords he is a master of the grilling craft . amazing . mouth-watering.) we ate picnic style in the backyardwordswordswords and then more games , outdoor and indoor .
wordswordswordsand i talk about it being the operatorwordswordswordss manual of america . itwordswordswordss how america works . itwordswordswordss the wordswordswordshowwordswordswords of america . but therewordswordswordss another document equally important , which is the wordswordswordswhywordswordswords of america , and thatwordswordswordss the declaration of independence . and in that declaration is these words , wordswordswordswe hold these truths to be self-evident that all men are created equal and endowed by their creator with certain inalienable rights.wordswordswordswordswordswords
the bridport open book festival is the celebration of the written word that surrounds one of the most respected story and poetry competitions in the english speaking world wordswordswords the bridport prize .
so the rice showed some promise , but the oat was not good . maybe bt should give potatoes a try .
happy 4th of july everyone! ! so , i'm still around , but posting infrequently . spent the past few days at the new house painting . i'm super excited and ready to get moved in , but we are still waiting on the floors to be installed . go figure !
so , this card should be right up his , erm , case study . . . !
else matters ; i can't focus on anything but the
after i got the antibiotics and had a couple of doses of them in me i started to feel slightly better . i was up and moving a lot better by wednesday evening and what a relief that was . it is not easy being a mother and being sick , because not only does no one really take care of you but you still have to take care of every one else . well , c did take care of me when he was home , of course but during the day i was on my own .
silver-tongued i coax and compliment her into my bed ,
5 tenth avenue freeze-out (with tom morello)
with amazing love he bore
i found a great site , poifriend.com that houses a collection of user generated pointwordswordswordss of interest (poiwordswordswordss) and set out finding something to get the locations of food networks diners , drive-ins & dives , one of my favorite shows btw , onto my new toy . there is a great set maintained by arount and iwordswordswordsm happy to say i loaded it as soon as i saw it . the site makes poiwordswordswordss available for a number of manufacturerwordswordswordss gps units so garmin and tomtom users can both use the site , which is a plus .
while the ensemble continued making albums for three decades , mr . bergman also wrote and produced several one-man shows , including wordswordswordshelp me out of this head,wordswordswords a 1986 monologue-memoir that drew on his childhood in cleveland . he also wrote interactive games , including a cd-rom parody of the popular adventure video game myst .
wordswordswordsknowledge rests not upon truth alone , but upon error also.wordswordswords wordswordswords carl jung
by tom cabeen
5.) cook till golden brown on each side checking frequently to avoid burning
for october's food group , i thought it appropriate that our ingredient be pumpkin . each of the girls in the group brought a different (or a few different) pumpkin dish(es) . it was a delicious meal and a fun excuse to get together and chat .
now , these are only a few images that iwordswordswordsve seen . if i were to put all of the ones iwordswordswordsve seen on here it would take an extremely long time . of course , not all fashion photography and advertising is like this , but it does seem to be a growing trend . i donwordswordswordst know about you , but this does not make me want to buy what theywordswordswordsre selling . if anything , it completely turns me off . what do you think ? is the fashion industry going too far with itwordswordswordss wordswordswordscreativitywordswordswords ? or are you a fan ?
by asserting he is muslim , the journalist immediately got the crowd on his side but this tactic also signals an implicit demarcation of wordswordswordsuswordswordswords and wordswordswordsthemwordswordswords . by virtue of being muslim , he is an insider ; through grating malay onlookers with her pretentious english inflection , the woman is perceived as alien and thus perpetuating the wordswordswordspendatangwordswordswords name-calling .
a strong rally propelled global equity markets during the first quarter of 2012 . improving economic data in the u.s . and much of the world , easing sovereign debt tensions in europe and an increased willingness by investors to put money into riskier assets were the major catalysts for rising markets . for many stock markets , it was the best first quarter in more than a decade .
april was a fabulous and fun month and the little babushkas were a big hit . there are lots of new changes for may . returning as a designer this month will be hazel parr who will be joining the cs designs design team as a full design team member . congratulations hazel , we are so lucky to have you on our team and so happy you decided to continue working with us for the next few months .
6 . delphic - doubt (4:06)
i don't want to overload you on the videos all at once , so today i'm giving you a break , but my third video of humiliation will be up thursday . for those who don't know , leigh moore and i were doing a 30k in 30 days challenge , and if you missed a day , the penance was posting a hacky sack club video . so that's what that's all about .
for years my travels have been a great blessing . travel for me has not been a wordswordswordsspecial occasion.wordswordswords it has been , to this day and hour , a way of life . i always tell people that if wordswordswordsyou have always wanted to go therewordswordswords why not go ? as i sit writing this in a cafe across from the louvre wordswordswords in a city of my dreams wordswordswords paris wordswordswords i reflect on two things in particular .
3:53pm race finishes after last rider begin awards ceremony
in charlie's case , he see's his orthopedic doctors and/or nurse practitioner , the nurse who sort of oversees kids with spina bifida , his urologist , the orthotist (for bracing) and potentially - but not this time - the neurologist . maybe a nutritionist gets tossed in if needed , and some x-rays (yesterday it was hips) . we got there at 8:30 am . we left around 1 . at most , 15 minutes was spent interacting with actual people . the rest of the time , we waited in a room and charlie got bored and annoyed . but that is not really the point of this post , although it does sometimes make me wonder if we should forego clinic for individual appointments , where i think more time would be spend with each patient because there is no rush to the next room full of parents and cranky kid . i digress .
so , for a quick recap , in the last one week , i won the first game of poker iwordswordswordsd played in months . i ended it with a straight in fact and then went on to point and laugh at my brother , sister and family friend . this was when i was home in muscat .
since this is a preapproval process , you can also find out what whiskeys might be coming out in the future . for instance , a search of " e.h . taylor, " buffalo trace's new line of limited releases , produces a number of results , including this application for an e.h . taylor straight rye .
as he crossed the room headed for the turbolift , nik started taking in the details of the area around him , mentally noting things that might help him later . details like the pile of unconscious dancers and the bloodied little chandra-fan lying unconscious near the bank of lifts . the general unease that rippled through the place was palpable and he moved through it like a dense fog . whatever it was that had happened here , the fear of its cause still lingered . a smile slowly pulled at the corner of his lips as nik realized that this was going to be an interesting job .
that may have been all , folks .
just in a nick of time too , as soon as he agreed two uniforms walked in followed by the stations crime unit . one of the officers took jacobs statement about how he had come to give his friend some soup and discovered him face down in the kitchen while men in white suits and booties collected evidence . since jacobs was the one that found him they would be handing the autopsy over to another coroner .
due to me being impatient and having nothing to show you visually , herewordswordswordss a picture google prepared earlier , just so you get the gistwordswordswords
and mary . bless her . her life was clearly not her own , either , and this escape to protect the son of god must have seemed almost wrong . is this really the plan ? seriously ? ! at least the donkey ride to bethlehem was full of hope and promise kicking inside her . but now her journey means holding a wiggly toddler all the way to a new continent . a new culture . a new fear .
3 . promotion period . the promotion starts at 12:00 a.m . (all times eastern time) on april 19 , 2012 and ends at 11:59 p.m . on april 30 , 2012 (the " promotion period") . all entries must be received during the promotion period to be eligible to win a prize .
in an amusing side story state senator constance johnson of okc decided to add an amendment to the bill stating :
my card base is su ! kraft , and the designer paper is my mind's eye . the sentiment is cut with a spellbinder's classic oval large , and framed with a sb lacey oval . i have embossed a cuttlebug design on the bottom , and added fanciful flourishes by cheery lynn . i added some hand dyed seam binding and various flowers from my stash , some martha stewart punched boughs , and then topped it off with a sweet cheery lynn exotic butterfly small .
hunger wordswordswords iwordswordswordsm quite certain the last thing males want to do after having the pearls batted around is eat . well thanks to hormones thatwordswordswordss all we want to do . not normal food or average portions either .
so , 4 hours later , we had our colorful cookies in hand , and we tried so hard not to eat them until the next day ! we served them on our final night to cousin alexis and her husband rob , who came to paris to visit with us and eat lots of pain au chocolate , and our lovely hostess jeanne . they proclaimed them some of the best ever ! !
the glass technique from europe which many of us acknowledged and cherish is originally rooted in east i.e asia . the technique of glass has been exported to the europe from the orient china along the silk road . the glass snuff bottles were used as by the chinese to keep the medicines in it .
love is always worth itwordswordswordsbecause what doenst kill you
paper-all seasons 1 pack by the paper studio , solid cardstock is cm
i donwordswordswordst know what i will do with my weekend . maybe sleep .
geez , hum , whatwordswordswordss his namewordswordswords right , harrywordswordswordss feeling really badwordswordswords he canwordswordswordst even standwordswordswords
an appearance or fashion wordswordswords wordswordswordsshe has the perfect look for the job.wordswordswords ;
two of my five kids have food allergies to items like dairy , eggs , and nuts . it has been a 17 year mission for me to make sure that there day to day lives did not feel any more restricted than any other child . i wanted them to be able to eat the same foods as the rest of us , or better .
i think life chooses what you need for you . my first design firm was at a resort in florida . it was a coincidence that i started my second design firm at a resort in cabo . i love our seasonal design , working in a resort . i have 6 months of intense work with clients , and then 6 months of implementation while clients are away at their second home .
at night when
i began this blog in august trying to hide something i already knew about myself . since losing 50lbs in 2010 i had developed a scary mentalitiy towards food , cutting back severely and then going to periods of intense binging . i started this blog to document a journey i wanted to take with my body , towards a goal that at some point i may still want to do . it is a healthy goal , but one i was using for unhealthy practices . if i do start down that path again i will be in the best shape of my life , but i need to be healthy mentally to get there . this blog now is a record of my struggles to fight the disorder that i have , or those days where i give into it . i do not want to be defined by this disorder as i fear i will fall into it with everything i have . this blog will also be my place to talk about my day , good and bad , and to get my thoughts together .
that had never crossed my mind .
4 april 2012
thank you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ! !
the bath tub won't drain , the sink is leaking and the toilet won't flush , sound like every one's worst nightmare right ? we all know the home repair projects that can wait , but what about the one's that can't ? plumbing is nothing to let go . i've played that game before and i realized things only cost more money when you don't keep up on your home maintenance . face it we all hate to call a professional in to do projects , but sometimes it just can't be helped . temecula plumbing can help you in any situation . my bath tub wasn't draining and of course we plunged and plunged till finally the water just sat there . we were actually bailing some of the water out every time we wanted to take a shower . talk about desperate ! we waited so long to get the drain professionally unclogged that of course when we had a done we experienced a broken pipe . yet another cost i really didn't want .
i am not healthy . i am overweight , under-strength , endurance and lung capacity challenged . i have had every excuse in the book as to why i can't or don't want to lose weight . some were legit (under-active thyroid , now behaving nicely thanks so much , and shin splints which are still around and kicking) and others that were not so legit , like laziness , poor time management and just plain ' ol stubbornness .
makes me wonder if there are any twins that are so different out there . i mean , totally different . i guess there are .
charliewordswordswordss adventure , continued :
there are , however , arguments that the slippery-slope rationale is accurate in certain situations . eugene volokh has provided the following sophisticated slippery-slope explanation of gun registration leading to gun confiscation :
doing this steep ascent in the wet and lush rainforest made me realize how unprepared and unfit i am . panic set in as i climbed those steps and puffed and panted my way along . honestly , i felt exhausted after maybe 10 minutes of walking . my breathing was bad , my head felt light and i felt utterly useless . shame and sadness set in too at my state- and i really let my mind get the better of me .
so the typical yankee hypocrites did what they do best internally : 1 bury the scandal in their oligarch controlled " free " press and 2 redirect attention by hyping a fake video attacking the nobody candidates named huntsman and setting up the elite hated front runner and only real american political constitutionalist , ron paul .
this week is the called the passion of christ wordswordswords a week that connects the triumphal entry and the resurrection by way of the temple being turned , the betrayal by judas and denial by peter , the mockery & trial of the romans , and the crucifixion at the demand of the jewish leaderswordswordswords
sara found all her props and decorations at hobby lobby and party city .
have a musical tuesday . x
these fine bloggers now get the joy (or torment) of selecting 5 more blogs upon which to grant this distinction and honor . if you haven't yet visited any of these five before , please do and enjoy .
bride bear
wordswordswordsno , dat dean . dat joe not here.wordswordswords
in our brief discussion with mr . frank , my son-in-law and i learned of some emerging trends in how hops are used in the brew and we heard tell of a new beer that deschutes is preparing for larger release . (you lucky folks in bend , oregon may already be sampling it in various versions and manifestations , i donwordswordswordst know.) just as noteworthy , i sampled some deschutes beers that iwordswordswordsve yet to try : green lakes organic , hop henge , andwordswordswords.the abyss , which is ranked in the top 5 beers in the universe and rightly so i can say based just on a couple of samples last week . as a result of those samples , i bought a six-pack of the green lakes organic and a bottle of the abyss . letwordswordswordss talk about the abyss wordswordswords or rather , letwordswordswordss see what some others have had to say ; my sampling was not conducive to a decent review but you know i bought a bottle so that should be endorsement enough .
but i am being far too critical of the guard . it is a very enjoyable small-scale film wordswordswords and very funny wordswordswords though i think it has been damaged by trying to make it more commercial .
for when i'm scared that i've lost my way ,
hello there .
one of the arguments that facilitated communication proponents offer is that autistic individuals have such poor fine motor control that facilitation is necessary ; however , one can see that the autistic person may indeed exhibit fine motor skills past the normal individual's fine motor skills .
the origin of the species
i loved this next project so much although it was not chosen for our winner , it was a winner to me . there was just something about this lo that really moved me and i would love for you to contact me through my personal email tanishacboyd@gmail.com as i will have something for you .
some life .
these days i work exclusively in the medium of panel discussions .
who is dringe augh ?
anyway , just a few photos of me practicing the dance . ignore the messed up hair , i'd not long woken up !
rachel j . fenton is an english writer who paints and lives in auckland . her flash piece " rogue trading " was shortlisted for the fish 2010 one-page prize , and links to more of her published work can be found at her blog : snowlikethought.blogspot.com . she is currently seeking representation for her novels .
k's eyes are perpetually brimming with tears . she's tiny and her hands are chilled . baby m is sleeping under a blanket on her chest . the two younger children , d and little k , are relatively quiet considering their ages . at 7 and 9 , they could be tearing up the sidewalks , but they're not .
- kiko - lip base primer : a try . a try gone very well , anyway . this primer has the purpose to neutralize the pigmentation of lips , or most of it , so you can better enjoy the color of your lipstick and create a customized edge with no messing up . it works , it's just a bit sticky when you close the mouth , but not so much , i'm happy for this product , great value .
santa will be bringing her this :
by the hard button of a period .
if you have been reading my blog for awhile , you may have come to understand how i love scrapbooking , documenting family life with pictures , and family history .
i've used some gorjuss dcwv paper name escapes me at this time of the morning ! along with some classic martha stewart butterflys in there with tiny green pearls ! finally found a use for my gromlets that i've had for like yonks ! hehe
today is also the release of the second edition of the whimsy stamps inspirations magazine ! the magazine features never before seen samples and tutorials from our dt members as well as some creations from our customers and fans too ! this issue is crammed full of crafty goodness and best of all it's free ! just click the link below and you will be taken to the magazine where you can read it online or download it and save to your computer .
out she doesn't listen to much contemporary music) . she's
i was in love with this project when it was just a small idea swirling around in my mind . gather a group of amazing fabric artists and share our work round robin style . i chose the theme of the travelers for my book and created the beginning of the book in a crazy quilt style . i love the colors and rich textures of the velvets , embroidery , beads and tassels . i see these as rememberances of travels both physically and through time .
i have a disclaimer before we start . you will have to excuse the pictures a bit . some are a little wonky , some a little out of focus , i cropped some because the centre was way off! ! i had both hands needed for the tutorial . . and so , i needed the help of my little assistant in taking the pictures . she just turned four and not a master of the camera just yet . the only complaint she had was that i was interrupting her watching high school musical . . she would only take a few quick snaps and that had to do! ! now that i have excused my crazy pictures . . . i have a tutorial for you . . .
sonic rushsonic rush
14 . i love this bar -- toby keith
jesus has
like all the designs in tanya whelan's book , i found this one really straightforward and fun to make . she suggests different ways of playing with each thing to get a different shape or style if you fancy which makes it even more addictive . just miss rosey's skirt to finish and then i've a few more things to have a go at .
there will always be people against any form of nudity and sex in movies but you canwordswordswordst stop the sex because movies are about life and you canwordswordswordst have life without sex , or a test tube . it is also difficult to have proper sex without nudity .
and that , my friends , was my travel break . *takes a bow*
putting the trip in biblical terms wordswordswords passover remembers the time when the jewish people , left egypt to escape persecution from the pharaoh . we left in a hurry when pharaoh agreed to let our people go . we crossed the desert , where moses parted the red sea , so we could head towards the promised land . now that youwordswordswordsve got the spirit . . . annie and i left houston on a monday with our diesel powered truck pulling our airstream across the united states . the first night , we reached texarkana , tx , and stopped at the koa . as things go , our site number , where we parked our trailer was b17 (dad was a gunner on a b17 in world war ii) . then we went out to dinner to a japanese restaurant , and the bill was the same number as our home address ! there are no coincidences in life !
whatever westminster decides to do , we (in wales) need to have democratically control of our own resources , we could start with repatriating control of the crown estates transferring control of lands in (and off) to the welsh government in cardiff . for the life of me i can see no realistic reason why this feudal anachronism cannot be consigned to the dustbin of history .
colors changing as they touched ,
in alexandria , persistent mona pleads with sophie winston to find her missing daughter linda who vanished five years ago . sophie explains she has never found a missing person and is not an investigator . meanwhile her ex-husband marwordswordswordss girlfriend natasha wants to star on tv so she arranges with tear it up with troy to fix up the backyard ; however , she uses sophiewordswordswordss backyard as their venue .
i hate hot sauce . but i love flavor . flavor wins .
it feels a little strange as good friday isn't a public holiday here in france , as it is in australia . the big kids are at school but the mister has the day off , so we are going to have a little drive somewhere . the plan is lacoste , but that may change .
within the cult of glorified psychopathy , there is constant disease and friction , because there is no logic . there is only wordswordswordsweight of history/evidence,wordswordswords which can be restricted to the point that it shows the opposite of reality . you cannot realistically tell me that the best person to be making wordswordswordspolicywordswordswords decisions (nanoscale) is the one who has a scripted and definitive answer to a presumptuous and assumption-laden question , also scripted . ok , you can tell me , and you do , by the fact that these pathetic retards are still getting actual votes from the horribly-paid slaves who are only prompted to action by annoying them to the point of tears by interrupting their manipulative poison-flow in highly wordswordswordsregulatedwordswordswords time periods . ok , that half hour is done , next story ? you realize that you just ruined someonewordswordswordss life there , right ? it is your problem . we are all a part of this world , and the growing pile of people you berate , badger , and disrespect is getting ridiculous . are you kidding ? if the cult of violence isnwordswordswordst a study in ridiculosity , i donwordswordswordst know what is .
we buried the fox cub a little before dusk ,
muse note : borealis was one of the many horses who died during alexanderwordswordswordss forced march over the hindu kush in winter . his ghost waited by the path until the army retraced their steps on the way to india , where it could follow bucephalas again .
i will admit i'm using the terms " we " and " read " loosely in the above sentence . susan was the only one who actually finished the book . we're pitiful , we admit it . but i read half of it . and i loved it . if you're looking for a sweet , sweet book i highly recommend this one .
the nose is a strong and rich malt , with a solid dose of wood , vanilla , and a tinge of alcohol .
tim powers is a decent writer . his descriptive powers are wonderful and he has the ability to evoke the locations of the caribbean (islands , waters) in an emotionally satisfying way , while still using plain language . he uses enough nautical and sailing terminology to make the book feel " real " without bogging down in too much shipspeak . his choice of time and location , the early 18th century caribbean , provides both the great pirate base of the bahamas and some famous pirates , the most important being blackbeard . some of his characters , especially the pirate captain phil davies and the bocor woefully fat are wonderful original creations and a joy to read about , the latter being especially good (quite the scene stealer in his few appearances) . his villains are convincingly evil as well , especially hurwood who has one of the most interesting (and disturbing) villainous motivations i've ever read . hurwood's assistant , for lack of a better word , is a forgettable character . i can't even remember his name and his brief back story was disgusting .
onions - 1/2
part way through the film it is revealed that nell is pregnant . cotton and the crew assume it is her boyfriend . when they confront the young man , he reveals he and nell have never had sex because he is gay . they then assume the father of nell's baby is , well , her father louis . louis had a falling out with the church a number of years back and after the death of nell's mother has become more and more reclusive . naturally , he seems like the most likely candidate to have fathered this baby . when cotton and the crew return to confront him they find the sweetzer home covered in satanic symbols . as they run through the woods where they hear chanting they find nell tied down , giving birth to something with spikes as the aforementioned cloverfield monster makes an appearance out of the fire . cotton goes towards the chaos holding a crucifix , attempting to fight the monster while the members of the crew are killed off by the mob . the tape ends .
on tuesday , may 29th from 7-9pm , community herbalist and food activists tony(a) lemos , director of blazing star herbal school in ashfield , will begin our community conversation sharing information of how gmo foods impact the development of our kids and the our wellness as adults . wordswordswords following tony(a) , ed stockman will get to the heart of the issue of gmo foods . his presentation will cover the lack of labeling and regulations of gmo foods , long-term safety studies the fda overlooks , the prevalence of genetically engineered crops in our food supply , how it contributes to the increase in childhood allergies , and how consumers , especially families , can play an important role in stopping the genetic engineering of our food supply . wordswordswordsconcluding edwordswordswordss presentation , jennifer hartley will offer local resources and vehicles of empowerment to our community and families .
tuesday , 5/29 : slow cooker wordswordswords tomato lentil soup
the enemy was routed and fled like the cowards they are .
i woke up around 2 a.m . to pee and i noticed that i was having light , but real contractions . they were different from the cramps , twinges and pressure iwordswordswordsd been feeling over the previous week (my body had definitely been giving me the signals that it was gearing up for labor) . i just knew it wouldnwordswordswordst be long before wewordswordswordsd meet our
from the moment people can , they talk about what they want in life . they want to be doctors , lawyers , teachers , musicians , i've never done that , i've never once done that because my whole life all i've ever wanted was you . and now that you're here , my life is complete .
though i never read of mice and men in school , i did watch the 1939 film adaptation during our steinbeck unit in 11th grade . i know there are several other movie and tv versions . which one is the best ? john malkovich kinda bugs me , but i'm curious about him playing lennie in the 1992 adaptation .
it was ac limoux but for that you have to handpick and all the wine must be fermented in barrel . this instead is only partially oaked - 25 wordswordswords 30% - in 600 litre wood , and is machine harvested at night . james finds that 600 litre barrels respect the fruit , so that the wine is not overoaked . quite ripe and rounded , buttery , quite textured . james said that he was looking for the freshness you would want for an aperitif , but with sufficient body to go with food . i thought he had succeeded . a nice long finish ,
and once again it all boils down to emotions . mainly one called regret . next to unrequited love , the worst kind of emotion there is . regret can seep into the very fibre of your being and poison you with its reedy little voice .
when we experience extreme stress or panic our rational thought processes are overridden by the adrenaline being pumped around our body . this affects decision making which means that although we feel exhilarated doing scary things we are unlikely to learn much from it .
7 . potty train graham . i read somewhere that cloth diapered kiddos are more receptive to , and on average , are potty trained 1 year earlier . am crossing my fingers that all of our extra stinky laundry loads were not in vain . this afternoon he woke up from his nap repeating " no potty chair , no potty chair . " clearly , we're off to a great start ! advice ! ?
i have one of my last dr appts today . . . hopefully the bp will be down and this will not turn into a 4hr event . . . as it usually does ! oof !
pirqey avot : pirqey avot (wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords , heb . for wordswordswordschapters of the fatherswordswordswords , but most often called wordswordswordsethics of the fatherswordswordswords in english) is one of the tractates of the mishnah , but where the other tractates deal mostly with legal matters , this tractate deals mostly with ethical issues .
the yellow shoes i made were turned , literally . made inside out , then flipped . the outer sole is stitched directly to the uppers . this style is around and fashionable for all of our time period . it is the least durable , since it cannot be re-soled and has to have a thinner sole to be able to be turned . however , this makes it the daintiest of shoe styles .
more good lesson material in this one . again and again and again , it's all about values ! and colors too , but the value shifts are what i'm learning about most . the figure here was quite difficult to bring together because the darkest dark and the lightest light were so close on the value scale , and it took me a while to figure that out . it's an example of painting what you see ; not what you think you see , or what you think you have to paint in order to create a good representation of whatever it is you're painting .
stand unrecognizable
well-- if you display it for all to see , suddenly , it's everyone's business . lol
4) movies .
" well , come on, " said will , opening the circular door in the tree . " no use dallying out here . "
churches like to have special sundays . for example , many churches have an annual youth sunday when the church teenagers actually run the church service , from song leading , to announcements , to sermon , while the pastor sits and watches .
the contest is open until october 8 , 2011 (two weeks) . i'll use random.org to select a winner !
so from now through 1/9/2012 11:59 pm et we are going to let you try any* 2 bottles of zoya nail polish for free on zoya.com . all you pay is the standard shipping charges .
i canwordswordswordst really relate to being from belgium or spain , since i have never met any family members from these countries . still i really love spain . both the culture and the language . i love the language ! i really wish i could speak spanish fluently but unfortunately i only know some spanish .
birth stats :
mr . jakes : yes , and i would agree --
the three witches that reminded me of blue cheese salad dressing looked fantastic , but the scene didn't carry the same weight for me this time around .
setting goals to achieve your vision and know which direction you should move in can be as simple as 1 , 2,3 .
- not thinking about school when i don't have to
wordswordswordssuch imagination.wordswordswords
and blue spurt of a lighted match ,
the yesteryears have withered like whirling wasps in the wind . our romantic blitz has been reciprocating for sixty-eight months (and counting) already and still , we quench for more . like the mornings that provide new beginnings , together we are the ever-complicated molecules of a biological ventilation .
his records include most continuous time riding a motor scooter (1,001 hours with two accomplices) ; producer of the worldwordswordswordss smallest koran , even though hewordswordswordss hindu ; fastest consumption of ketchup , though he said , wordswordswordsi hate ketchupwordswordswords ; and most flag tattoos on his body (officially 220 , although hewordswordswordss added 146 since then) , including several across his forehead , cheeks , chin .
we don't have big plans for the weekend . i will be replacing the valve on our ice maker and cleaning the dryer . it is time to delint the dryer so we don't have to worry about a dryer fire .
i did get to sleep in on sunday , which was good . cpt held down the fort . but then , jake convniced the little kids to swipe my key , and break into the electronics closet and steal ds's . i was so mad when i woke up . so i spent the morning with angry tears . which , of course , lead to a migraine . and being late to church . sigh .
we arranged to meet my grandmother , at a motel she knew to be nice , that night . it felt like we'd come full circle , when we arrived there . it was the same little town where we'd first stopped to walk on the beach nearly a week before .
many of our trainees have also gone on to a career in media . not our primary purpose , but welcome nonetheless
i'll start with what we spend on food because we've made a good start on all the others and this needs to be kick started . we haven't changed much on our meals menu , except to eat less meat , and we're currently budgeting $85 a week on groceries . however , i want to spend the savings made on that reduced meat consumption on organic oats and flour so there will be some juggling happening . i'll keep a keen eye on my prices and let you know how it turned out . i stopped doing any grocery shopping when i got really busy and hanno took over that department , and did it very well i might add . now i'm going to give him a break and for the next month at least , i'll be doing the shopping , although hanno went to the market this morning and bought $9 worth of fruit and vegetables - a cauliflower , half a large cabbage , bananas , avocados and pumpkin .
i approached the other side , wordswordswordsare you ready to order ? wordswordswords
anybody would expect a greek guy to be very interested in a milonga with the name of the most worldwide know greek dish ! so when people told me that it is also a nice place to dance , i took instantly the decision to catch a train and meet the musaca tango tribe ! even though i had been in geneva beforewordswordswords . and then i realized several thingswordswordswords firstly the milonga is more of my taste rather than the dish ! secondly , even though iwordswordswordsve spent 5 days in the city 3 years ago , i havenwordswordswordst quite known it , a fact that highlights the great advantages of tango tourism . and last but not least , i loved the swiss people , the way they are and they live .
pink highlights
100% canadian , second yoga jeans are super soft and oh so comfortable . when you are wearing them they truly feel like a second skin . i love that i can go on the floor and play with my son and sit and crawl and do a meditation pose all while wearing my jeans without feeling like they are going to rip apart .
stohr k . preventing and treating influenza . br med j 2003 ; 326 : 1223-1224 .
if you are smart , you may go over your papers on you own . once you are in line , youwordswordswordsve made you choice and unless the guard urges you out of line , you have to go through that door . you really have to mess up once you are on the other side to get sent back out to try again .
now , my first thought was that i usually don't remember unmemorable desserts . the visitandine , though , has what it takes to be completely memorable : whipped egg whites for a fluffy texture , and ground almonds paired with lemon zest for a delectable taste . memory loss , then ? i think my childhood mind was so obsessed with the colors on cakes (my pink birthday cake , for one) that the simple-looking desserts didn't strike me as much , as amazing as they may have tasted .
margilla hills , the serenity , magnificent buildings and cordial interaction with security forces : welcome to the pakistan secretariat , islamabad . i love this place .
can i still button my pants : most of them
bill : " um . will you excuse me a second ? "
wordswordswordsand,wordswordswords he added , wordswordswordswewordswordswordsll look like such heroes that nobody will care anyway.wordswordswords she actually smiled through red , misty eyes and turned to face him again as he drove on . she hadnwordswordswordst paid great attention to where he was driving and suddenly noticed they were in the parking lot to the mall . wordswordswordswhat are we doing here ? wordswordswords
i love hand quilting . it takes longer , but gives a lovely handmade look , and its much more sociable than noisy machine quilting . my technique for hand quilting is not necessarily the ' right ' way , its just how i do it , and its not difficult . its a matter of practicing and not insisting on perfection straight away . it doesn't bother me that my stitches aren't always even , otherwise i don't think i'd enjoy hand quilting much .
hope you like this one and until next time
we put away our harps ,
it also hurts when an article like this comes out , because with it , comes a lot of negative attention . like this . that child was not misbehaving . he was acting like a 3 year old . he was sitting on that couch , with nothing to do , and asking for his mother's attention . which she gave him . yes , he was attached to his mom . but why is that turned into a bad thing ? the only wrong thing i see while reading this article and watching the video , is how one sided that reporter is . she is attacking this mother's parenting . and by the way , i think the mother was doing a pretty amazing job at defending herself and explaining that while this parenting technique isn't for everyone it does work for her .
so what now ? well , he doesnwordswordswordst want to talk to me . we exchanged a few texts but thatwordswordswordss it . he says he needs time without talking to me because it upsets him too much .
thanks for looking -- have a great week !
3 . reading material . this includes books and magazines . please include your language preference .
almost every minutes she cough and cough then muntah !
what more could i ask for ?
as was the case with the 14 contaminants described in the earlier report-which included pesticides such as toxaphene and dieldrin-the researchers found the highest levels of pbdes , on average , in farm-raised salmon from europe . but while european farmed salmon had the highest levels , farmed north american salmon came next with significantly higher amounts of pbdes than were found in farmed salmon from chile , which , in turn , were higher than the average levels seen in wild salmon .
wordswordswordsyouwordswordswordsre traveling through another dimension , a dimension not only of sight and sound , but of mind . a journey into a wondrous land whose boundaries are that of imagination . thatwordswordswordss the signpost up ahead . your next stopwordswordswords the twilight zone.wordswordswords (spoken by rod serling at the beginning of each the twilight zone episode.)
cabin in the sky
our hostess this month is the wonderful sharon caudle and she has challenged us to use both tilda & edwin on our projects this time . poor edwin gets shortchanged sometimes so now is your chance to bring him out and be seen with tilda . you can use your large or mini magnolia stamps for this challenge !
this burden ,
if we do so , we can gracefully point any situation in a direction that favors our good , and which benefits all concerned .
wordswordswordsobviously we have prayer stuffwordswordswordsbut itwordswordswordss not like religion or anything , just stuffwordswordswordswordswordswords
2) season with mayonnaise and a little vinegar . (i added a little curry powder this time.)
bring it here
after thinking about it for a bit i think it might stem from my desire to be in a relationship . all the guys i've dated since he and i went our separate ways have been sort of a let down and/or nothing ever came of it . not their fault of course .
okay , i feel better now that i have made light of my situation and entertained myself to no end with the mental image of indian jones saving the prospective buyers . i guess i will un-wad the day and march on !
wordswords would they also provide a timely switch for your traditional bank from the the amount you want as soon as this has been accredited
there was an asian guy , he was flipping flapping slices of red-tuna and slapping on each rice balls , making sushi at the buffet of the yacht club .
most of the time my heart lives in that rhythm but the odd 1% of the time a race of imagined realities and perceived hurts begin and is kept up by the breath .
perhaps someday that phone will ring and i'll know more . k has my number . perhaps , but i won't wait on it anymore . it's time to move on and let the story be what it is : unfinished . i never thought a story without an ending could be a good one but i'm going to hope that this one is .
sausage and cheddar toastie
8) donwordswordswordst let anyone wordswordswordsfindwordswordswords you a sponsor or spouse to get you a green card-itwordswordswordss illegal .
sentiments : tickets (whimsy) ; inside (my stash)
as its name indicates , functional parts of the machine vanished from sight , and the engine itself became distinct from , and concealed within , the body of the contraption it powered .
but i think the ultrasound will help that for me .
- two really cool acquisitions :
wordswordswordsitwordswordswordss got a very long history and i would be happy to see it get a new lease of life.wordswordswords
recept : that would be ' who' , sir .
just crossed paths with our real estate agent while running errands in town . the listing agent will be delivering our keys at 2pm !
i may be no economist , i may have a fractious relationship with basic arithmetic and i may be past my prime , but ask anyone who knows me and they will attest to the absolute fact that , ever since baronet gideon osborne's emergency budget i have been asking how cutting jobs in the public sector will magically create more jobs in the private sector ? i can't grasp the whole ' throw people out of work to kick start the economy ' argument . i don't understand how taking a wage packet off someone will encourage them to spend . i don't understand how taking away someone's tax-paying ability and replacing it with benefits
do you ?
michael mooney and jim webb
d&c where washington is
yes , wewordswordswordsre looking for a top hot dog to go with a side of poutine . would you like election fraud with that order ?
i wasn't 100% sold on this velvet cotton jacket , but i can't resist decorations .
level 1 : str : +3 , dex : +3 .
i'm spending too much time with my head stuck in the internet , trawling for things to inspire my new work , which i hope to begin construction on next weekend after the last days of cleaning and packing are behind me and the joy on unpacking- and decorating- lays ahead .
called you sweetheart ?
whisk the cream and sassafras together in a small pot , and bring it up to a boil over medium-high heat . as soon as it boils , pull the mixture off the heat , pour it into a glass or ceramic container (something that won't crack from the heat) , and put it in the fridge . let the mixture cool for about 30 minutes while the sassafras steeps into the cream , so you have a nice root beer flavor .
" mr lance observes , that sulphur is made use of in kent and sussex with a view to give a light colour to the hops . the truth is , that this sulphuring is a process of bleaching , an abstraction , and not addition of colour . the slow combustion of sulphur produces sulphurous acid , and that acid (which does not contain a full does of oxygen) , acts upon the hops as it does straw in the manufacture of bonnets . it removes the brown tint , and gives brightness in lieu of it . on this subject mr lance says , that at farnham they avoid sulphur " and yet obtain a delicate colour , because they sort out the bruised hops , and pick early before they are injured by the wind . these farnham hops are found to keep their strength longer than the kent , because they have not any brimstone in them . in kent , the most delicate coloured hops are likely to be the most inferior in strength . the oil and flavour of the hops are exceedingly volatile ; the atmospheric air will take them away in a short time , and more particularly when sulphur is incorporated with them . in drying them with sulphur much of the aromatic bitter passes off with the fumes of the sulphur " (11)
the best part of this hotel is the staff . everyone is so nice and caring . evan was well known in the different areas in the hotel and that made a huge difference . especially that one time when he fled out the door and into the elevator . i went down to the lobby and i was happy to find him with three of the guards waiting for me . on several occasions he fell asleep in the taxi and they helped me carry him into the room as i had my hands full with joshua .
this article takes on a mid-style , particularly in the tone and language ; however , it does retain some faint traces of high style through the sheer amount of references used . the general tone taken is a very informal voice filled with a lot of familiarity . phrases like wordswordswordsthat ainwordswordswordst rightwordswordswords and wordswordswordswhat the hell happened ? wordswordswords add to the conversational feel , making it more like a discussion between friends than a formal article . the article itself does not even have an author , with gives it the feeling of being written by anyone , so the reader can almost put themselves in to the writerwordswordswordss shoes and take on the persona and the ideas . some level of high style is retained in the sports references used throughout the piece . although some are straightforward , such as referencing sunflower seeds or the yankees and mets rivalry , a huge amount of names dating back into the history of baseball fill the article , requiring a more experience baseball fanatic well versed in the gamewordswordswordss history . despite this , the jokes are still funny , reference understood or not , retaining the average reader interested in humor , a common theme among their articles .
but if obama's support in 2012 is dropping among all groups that backed him in 2008 , he's running out of margin for error .
another thing i am hoping to accomplish at this dinner is to help some of you overcome a phobia . smoked beer . i love it . before i had it the right way , i was afraid of it too . but after a day in bamberg , where smoked beer is king , i was forever hooked . i have a hunch that there are a few more folks out there ready to be converted . and in case you are skeptical , i was with a group of 28 people in bamberg , and everyone fell in love with smoked beer on that trip . trust me on this one . just open your mind , dig into some spaetzel goulash , and gulp down the rauchbier . you can thank me later .
the last thing i erased from my calendar was my birthday . i figured it could be cancelled . i stopped aging at 29 anyways . it didn't really work . no one believes i am 29 anymore .
datin noraini hussin , wife of the sarawak minister for infrastructure development , daud bin abdul rahman , is one such shining example . she is a director of eastbourne corporation bhd , which has just celebrated it 20th year as one of the most successful construction companies in sarawak .
wordswordswordsinvestors are exiting euro zone positions because of eu leaderwordswordswordss inability to come up with a coherent approach on greece that is leading to greater concern about contagion to bigger countries like italy and spain.wordswordswords wordswordswords andrew balls , head of european portfolio management at pimco
2 broke
beside us is my lost friend
itwordswordswordss almost summer time yawordswordswordsll! ! (did i just say yawordswordswordsll ? sorry , iwordswordswordsve been catching up on friday night lights and it must have stuck) . here in miami wewordswordswordsre pretty lucky that its basically summertime all year round . this past sunday , i spent the whole day at the beach and even though itwordswordswordss mid-march , thatwordswordswordss totally normal ! itwordswordswordss a beautiful thing . the only difference from now to real summer is that the water is still a little cold , at least for us floridians it is -northerners come and think its warm .
this tallboy has been isabella's since she was 1 year old . ..this is what i was sanding when i cut my finger last weekend . . . .hmmmm i am starting to think it was the teddies ' revenge ;) . . . that is the mirror that i madeover and posted about here . . .
norwichwordswordswordss hopes of getting anything from the game were , however , short-lived as an inspired push for an equaliser ultimately ended in the visitors enhancing their lead over the canaries .
your vibration .
i forgive myself that i have accepted and allowed myself to believe that the value i experience as myself as the experience i have to and towards sex and relationship is my creation and natural , and not ever consider that this experience i have as the minute fluctuations and intricacies and flavours and subtitles has been given to me and determined for me .
scripture tells us that in our last days the love of most will grow cold and that men will become lovers of self . what better way to love self than to claim for self the attribute of " compassion " while doing nothing to exercise compassion save being for compassion through political means ?
but back to life , back to reality and back to non romeo and juliet tumultuous hormone driven love from the 90's . these days , i'd like my love with a side of stability please and i'm willing to do what it takes to get there . though the dramatic parts certainly encompassed a large sector of my life and , while it's been a while since i've bled a pen dry with longing over some boy in a journal , i sometimes read over my piles of notebooks in gestures of humility , thought provocation , and , often , amusement . i quoted shakespeare , wrote poems , stated , in all truth and belief to myself , that i felt i would die without x,y , or zach . but for all that adolescent heartbreak and handwritten drama , i still don't know what actually made my heart go thump-thump .
time had ceased to be comprehensible to william . only the lyrics kept him company .
oh , and i'm 30 pages into embassytown so far and can say it is utterly unique and breathtaking with the craftsmanship of the writing up to this point . i reckon you'll be wanting to read this book !
after the photo session , i went to my brother's house and had dinner .
although some very general links between features of a constitutional structure and economic outcomes seem plausible wordswordswords it makes sense to suppose that a democratic constitution will make for a less corrupt government than one that provides for no political competition wordswordswords more specific effects , if there are any , are probably overshadowed by those of all sorts of other factors : culture , geography , international relations , you name it . political organization of a much wordswordswordslowerwordswordswords level than constitutional structure wordswordswords the financing of political parties , the inner workings of a legislature or of executive agencies , etc . wordswordswords probably matters too , quite possibly no less than the constitutional structure of a polity . it seems to me that it makes more sense to evaluate constitutional structures on with reference to wordswordswordstouchstones of political legitimacy,wordswordswords to borrow waldronwordswordswordss expression , than possible economic outcomes .
thursday : pages 153-214
sometimes , when my heart is filled up with plentywordswordswordsplenty of activities ; plenty of dreams ; plenty of goals to achievewordswordswordsi give god the crumbs .
michael arnold / from cashlin / 28-35
yes . ..sparkle is her real name . she has been crafting since she was a child , but seriously started crafting when she was 16 . sparkle started as a scrapbooker , though over the years she has turned into a cardmaker . brent (sparkle's husband) and sparkle opened sparklecreations rubber stamps in july 2010 , and they are selling cute and whimsical rubber stamps of little boy and girl images . aki , their wonderful artist , has done a great job at making their characters come alive and have their own personalities .
i guessed kwordswordsthe's secret long before i think i was supposed to--certainly well before alan figured it out--but that didn't ruin the story for me at all . even though , as elvis put it , " the imagery and omens became almost oppressively obvious " as the story went on , the climactic scene where alan's fears are confirmed was still spine-chilling enough for me even though it wasn't a surprise . this is a book that definitely reached " critical mass" , and that's always welcome .
and crushed it down
mmmkay !
the other , far more annoying in its widespread usage and its physical effect on me is what i used to call sleepy voice . sometimes chloe would phone me early in the morning and while she spoke , i cleared my throat . repeatedly . so much so that if mathman was in the room , he'd ask me if i had a problem .
but when benson stumbles upon the schoolwordswordswordss real secret , he realizes that playing by the rules could spell a fate worse than death , and that escapewordswordswordshis only real hope for survivalwordswordswordsmay be impossible .
d wordswordswords women are paid 77% of what men get paid because :
i am telling the story of our lives together in bits and pieces . at some point there will be a coherent narrative , but for today , i just wanted to remember the day traci moved in . if i had to do it all over again , i would not change a thing . frida , muddy waters and all .
because the first year at secondary school is always the worst .
this album was produced by ibrahima sylla with boncana mawordswordsga , a partnership responsible for uncounted outstanding recordings . while modibo's guitar and moriba kowordswordsta's ngoni carry the traditional current , mawordswordsga's electric bass and keyboards have a funky edge that gives the ageless praise singing a completely modern setting . tata bambo rides above it all , demanding attention with her extraordinary voice . grab this extraordinary album , listen to it with headphones , and don't let go .
employees : c . 1,700
this week iwordswordswordsve been listening to my trevor morgan cd wordswordswordsthe blessed and the brokenwordswordswords in my car in preparation for the third day concert in may , because trevor is opening for third day . it was actually at fish fest last summer that i first heard him when he played just a few songs at the beginning of third daywordswordswordss set .
being of italian decent , i took particular interest in the legend of befana , who every year apparently flies across the sky on january 6th (during the feast of the three kings) searching for the christ child . it is said that old befana visits all the children of italy leaving them candies , cookies and gifts in hopes that one might be the baby king of bethlehem . tomie de paolawordswordswordss retelling of this old tale is unique because of the detail in his illustrations . the story is carried out with pages are of biblical imagery . for example , throughout the book there are many pictures of a six-pointed star which represents the star of creation . also shown with the three kings is a panther which is a symbol of the way all wordswordswordstrue believerswordswordswords are drawn to christ and an oak tree which is the symbol of strength . for all the teachers out there , this book could be read to your class with a follow up cooking lesson for pizelle cookies!4 . hershel and the hanukkah goblins
but with joy our hearts can say
my little lucas was wanting to play with the wine charms i had just made . that is when i came up with the
the beer pours a mahogany reddish brown . it's slightly darker at the top . a finger of thick ocean foam head . it's thick , but also shiny and glassy .
look , awards don't have to make sense . they often don't . there are controversial choices every year , inconsistent choices , bizarre choices . but this is one of the weirder ones i've ever seen . if rodgers is the mvp isn't he also the offensive player of the year ? last i checked , he only plays on offense . then again , if brees is offensive player of the year over rodgers , isn't he also the mvp over rodgers ? they play the same position . they both led their teams into the playoffs . this seems cartoonish .
i said all this to my sister last night and she said i wasn't to flatter myself they were coming to see me , it was because of the baby . apparently people with babies are always desperate to ' get out ' even if it means going to visit hormonal old bags and eat hairy cakes .
the four shades in poppywordswordswordss wordswordswordssupercalifragilipstickwordswordswords line for kate spade are pop art pink , fuchsia fete , bashful blush , and adventurous red . they all strike a nice balance between classic and trendy , just like kate spadewordswordswordss clothing and accessories .
landed on one of those roads , and looked
wordswords cup feta cheese , crumbled
the first thing you should know is that " bombay's republic " is a delightful story , a story that , for me , fit all the requirements for that old clichwordswords : a pleasure to read . i say that because this is not always true of caine prize nominees , or , to be honest , nominees for all sorts of literary awards wordswordswords there can be , with some nominees , a certain sense of . . . dutifulness . stories dutifully written and dutifully read .
wordswordswordsteach us
zimmerman and other advocates argue that providing a wordswordswordsback doorwordswordswords into online communications to allow government officials to spy on them would make those communications fundamentally insecure , providing a point of vulnerability that hackers could exploit . in greece in 2005 , hackers used just such a back door to eavesdrop on phone calls made by the prime minister and other officials .
teach us to number our days , that we may gain a heart of wisdom .
sure the almighty o (oprah) warned us about the dangers of texting and driving wordswordswords but to actually see a family who lost someone they loved to it wordswordswords and how it affected them , really hit home for lots of us !
birthday wishes : : mine include a pool boy , unlimited funds , and a guest house full of shoes . how about you ?
where do you find out the google things for your site ?
biking the creeper
during wordswordswordsd.a.n.c.e.wordswordswords wordswordswords arguably their most successful single wordswordswords their blinking turntable stage setup split open to reveal an illuminated alcove with a single keyboard where rosnay had a seat and played out the most elemental melody of the song . this was gradually built back up into a rougher mix with a digitalized bass line , and then finally to a full on pounding dance track . by the end of this musical journey , justice had elevated the energy so much that the entire venue was going crazy . they did a very good job of expanding their recorded tracks into new places , which is a very admirable thing to see in a live dj style performance .
maybe the person is staring back at you in the mirror . do you believe in what each one for us all has set out to do ? do you think you can inspire others to get involved in our cause and support the organization ?
groups : rock , jazz , classical and folk . the players on flarf orchestra
not cussing first thing in the morning always throws me off .
a note about this second sketch . i was not drawing to make an exact recreation of each building . rather , i was creating stylized images using elements that i saw and was inspired by .
after enduring the poorly implemented new features of playstation 3wordswordswordss yakuza : dead souls , one wonders if the popular gangster franchise is headed for a similar fate .
1st of november 2011
spray mini muffin tins with olive oil . this recipe made 30 mini-muffins so plan accordingly .
i am also looking for some design team members . . if you are interested the terms are on the main page of the website . bizzy becs digi downloads . .
much happens to rebus in this book , the least of which is a nice relaxing massage . he's thrown out by his live-in girlfriend , dr . patience aitken , so he moves back into his own flat . but because he's been renting it to students , rebus ends up on the couch . even a small storage room is being used -- his brother , a former drug dealer , has just moved into the apartment , as well .
a judge eased a restraining order last february after an attorney for rihanna said she didnwordswordswordst object to removing the stay-away provisions .
no , the romance and the beauty were all gone from the river . all the value any feature of it had for me now was the amount of usefulness it could furnish toward compassing the safe piloting of a steamboat . since those days , i have pitied doctors from my heart . what does the lovely flush in a beautywordswordswordss cheek mean to a doctor but a wordswordswordsbreakwordswordswords that ripples above some deadly disease . are not all her visible charms sown thick with what are to him the signs and symbols of hidden decay ? does he ever see her beauty at all , or doesnwordswordswordst he simply view her professionally , and comment upon her unwholesome condition all to himself ? and doesnwordswordswordst he sometimes wonder whether he has gained most or lost most by learning his trade ? (from life on the mississippi , chapter 9 ; from the university of virginia library , electronic text center)
our small sales table , we sold very little over the weekend , just not enough visitors ! sales are not our main reason for being there though , however , even the objective of promoting an interest in bonsai and getting the nursery known cannot be very effectively fulfilled without folk to see the bonsai and to hopefully be enlightened a little with some words about the subject .
usp : the most straight-up rock band of the lot . sure , sleigh bells muck around with heavy metal influences to be kind of ironic , but these guys just seem a lot more authentic about it all . in the age of lana-del-rey-authenticitygate , this is terribly important . this isnwordswordswordst to say theywordswordswordsre hiding behind wordswordswordsauthentic rockwordswordswords as an excuse to be boring and refuse to try anything out that isnwordswordswordst a 3-chord pub anthem , like oasis , theywordswordswordsre far more creative than that . just , in comparison with the far wispier other acts on the listwordswordswords
*dish wands
but enough of the background , let's get on with the interview .
on the other hand , i canwordswordswordst help but find it sad that these structures serve now as soulless offices , filled with tacky desks , drab beige filing cabinets , and jumbles of electrical cords , that the huge dining rooms will never again play host to family feasts and that the drawing room rugs will never be rolled up for dances . historic preservation can only go so far , i suppose . we can save the artifacts of our past , but wewordswordswordsll never be able to regain the past itself .
" you collect paintings ? " i asked .
the woman hewordswordswordsd been texting when he diedwordswordswordswhat was her name ? annabeth ? wordswordswordshad called her in hysterics when she learned of the crash , thinking melanie would be sympathetic . wordswordswordsi have no one else to talk to,wordswordswords annabeth had wailed . despite a twinge of empathy for the womanwordswordswordss grief , melanie had hung up on her . annabeth had called once more to find out when the funeral would be , and hadnwordswordswordst believed melaniewordswordswordss declaration that there would be no funeral , no memorial service . wordswordswordsyouwordswordswordsre as self-centered as alexander said you were,wordswordswords annabeth screamed .
bedroom tv up and running
in fact , at the height of the cultural revolution during maowordswordswordss time , owning a dog was seen as bourgeois wordswordswordsin face of massive starvation (and it really was) at different times in communist political fervor and history . this was long after my parents came to canada . disapproval of dogs in china during that time , must be viewed against a backdrop of anti-imperialist campaigns , torture and unlawful arrest of innocent people . dog lives seemed quite pale when family members disappeared or were brainwashed against their will . however now , with chinawordswordswordss growing middle class , the number of dogs as pets , in china is on the rise again .
the weather has been damp , and cloudy , and thundery for days on end . no wonder this little guy is hiding out in a flower :
wordswordswordsactually,wordswordswords kesta interjects from directly behind mesdanwordswordswordss left ear . wordswordswordsthatwordswordswordss not true . iwordswordswordsll be watching over eliss.wordswordswords
elm publishing presents a somewhat general piece on royalties on the website and concludes :
the zombie war came unthinkably close to eradicating humanity . max brooks , driven by the urgency of preserving the acid-etched first-hand experiences of the survivors from those apocalyptic years , traveled across the united states of america and throughout the world , from decimated cities that once teemed with upwards of thirty million souls to the most remote and inhospitable areas of the planet . he recorded the testimony of men , women , and sometimes children who came face-to-face with the living , or at least the undead , hell of that dreadful time . world war z is the result . never before have we had access to a document that so powerfully conveys the depth of fear and horror , and also the ineradicable spirit of resistance , that gripped human society through the plague years .
president of sinn fein , gerry adams .
in these situations i canwordswordswordst keep my mouth shut , it just seems so ridiculous to me that people should be allowed to benefit from either stupidity or being inconsiderate . i try to be polite , at the grocery store iwordswordswordsll say , wordswordswordsexcuse me , therewordswordswordss a line.wordswordswords people inevitably act surprised and say , wordswordswordsoh sorry , i didnwordswordswordst see the line.wordswordswords of course in order to see the line you would have to look for a line .
great look and can be done relatively inexpensively .
when palinwordswordswordss map became an issue , rep . chris van hollen , leader of the democratic congressional campaign committee (dccc) , rushed on msnbc to denounce it , telling chris matthews :
kris romeo bishundat , 23 , waldorf , md .
this will update the /etc/vfstab file so that volume devices are
i don't usually wake up grumpy from naps . as a rule i am quite reasonable . i only need the coffee to get the cobwebs out of my mind , not to put me in a good mood . as a matter of fact , i'm a quite mild mannered person and not prone to grumpiness . that doesn't mean that i don't think a person is not allowed to be it once in a while . we can't all be saints . there is a time and a place for everything . a lesser mood does happen when you're a mere mortal . besides , the greek gods were famous for their moodiness .
71 . you have the academic look i just lust after .
its too rat's tail-y ! so theres virtually nothing to loosen , so at the roots you're left with a nice wave , but at the ends theres hardly any wave at all and it doesn't look much different from the above picture . . no , not nice is it !
i have had to improvise with photoshop to demonstrate the full effect , as the lights don't flash in synchronisation .
heart bird a furry aniamal house cloud winter icon star
ignore the fact i just posted .
there is something about the sound of the ink spots that sends me back . . . bizarrely , it's back to an era that i don't even know , but it's a cozy , simpler time . there is something dreamy and comforting about bill kenny's incredible tenor voice and the way it contrasts beautifully with orville jones ' deep bass vocals . listening to them also reminds me of ' old skool ' sundays , when nothing was open , sitting around the house listening to programmes like family favourites on bbc radio 2 !
rafael received the 2010 pura belprwordswords illustrator award for pat morawordswordswordss book fiesta ! and is also the recipient of two amwordswordsricas book awards and a 2006 pura belprwordswords honor . many of lwordswordspezwordswordswordss stylized folk-art-style paintings , acrylics on wood , are brimming with joy , as you can see below . (lwordswordspez sent a whole heapinwordswordswords ton of art for todaywordswordswordss breakfast , which is how you win over this blogger.) colorful , bright , bold , evocative , and even wordswordswordseye-fillingwordswordswords are words that have been used by reviewers to describe lwordswordspezwordswordswordss art . wordswordswordshis sophisticated , multilayered textures create depth , give form and work together to create an image that is easily readable , humorous and harmonious,wordswordswords kirkus wrote about cazuela .
firstly , we want to upgrade . and , we want to let the japanese fans know more about 2ne1 . we want everyone in japan to know of 2ne1wordswordswordss songs !
cordless tea kettle wordswordswords important features
regional acts
5 . you might even get published
due process and the presumption of innocence have also waylaid by these government raiders .
* the trade mark was not used by anyone other than the user who entered the words " mr spicy " into the search engine .
centre of pressure (cofp) is the balance of downforce at the front and rear axles . as such itwordswordswordss analogous to being the aerodynamic equivalent of longitudinal cofg (balance of mass between the axles) . cofp is also known as termed as aero balance .
how it is that we are in our 30's or 40's or beyond and we don't have a clue what it is we want to do with our lives or who we really are or why we feel out of balance , discouraged and out of touch with ourselves ? why do we need outside help in order to discover what was inside of us all along ? the answer can be found in how we were treated by adults when we were children .
you can become exalted with exodar by buying an exodar tabard and wearing it while in any instance , including low level ones . you will get reputation for every mob killed . the mounts are all available just outside the exodar .
karachi wordswordswords in another bank robbery , millions of rupees were looted by armed dacoits on tuesday .
mprc : due to my privileged opportunity of living in touch with nature and while enjoying incredible family moments , i was honored by one of my sons when he gave me the name jabalwordswords rojo (red wild boar) . it fulfills me as a nickname as it represents tenacity and strength in numbers , characteristics which reflect my inner feeling and the persistence that characterizes me .
pigment and tinting technology is an area that is constantly changing . in consultation with icc , midas earthcote have developed technologically advanced blue oxides that offer a high degree of fade-resistance when exposed to uv rays . midas earthcote constantly upgrades its paint recipes in pace with tinting technologies to ensure that their systems offer world-leading coating solutions .
in this historic district are ruins of slave cabins , a magass (drying) shed , a windmill tower , a horse mill , an oven , a boiling house , a curing house and overseerswordswordswords quarters , a water cistern and a dungeon , a still house , a rum still , a firing trench and an ox pound .
i prayed hard to be able to always smile
the challenge will run each month so plenty of time
can we predict human behavior or natural cyclical occurrences ?
now onto the reviews !
as far as advertising and marketing , direct marketing generates over 4 billion , mail order rates are over 500 million in total annual revenues , teleshopping is also big in spain , teleshopping is similar to the home shopping network here in the u.s . but surprisingly street vendors make up almost 7 percent of retail revenue in spain . in spain suppliers tend to favor street vendors because they pay in cash . now with times changing overall spain is very receptive to visual advertising (internet , t.v) .
i also have another finish to show . this was a pleasure to stitch and i had to try this out after seeing so many out there in blogland .
with so much to carry over in philosophy and design , what has changed for 2012 ?
a little over a year ago , a genius coworker of mine began a discussion at the club on how to better limit and monitor our memberswordswordswords technology use . it wasnwordswordswordst an issue of having members exposed to inappropriate content on websites or in songs on their i-pods , but rather was an issue of the effects of technology on them as a person , regardless of content . she sent us this article from the new york times that discusses how the increase in technology use amongst our nations kids has effected their ability to play creatively and socialize with their peers .
last spring and summer , at least a dozen people told me to read game of thrones . i put it on my goodreads wordswordswordsto readwordswordswords list and mentally put it in the sub-list i like to call wordswordswordsbooks iwordswordswordsll probably never get to (reasons vary).wordswordswords iwordswordswordsm sure those of you that love the series are asking , wordswordswordswhy ? !wordswordswords iwordswordswordsll tell you : 1 . it was too long , 2 . i usually donwordswordswordst like fantasywordswordswordsespecially detailed fantasy , and 3 . iwordswordswordsm naturally rebellious so the more people insist i read something , the more iwordswordswordsm inclined to say wordswordswordsnowordswordswords just to be contrary . iwordswordswordsll admit that these are terrible excuses .
of this new month .
for as far as i could seewordswordswords
according to the two senior administration officials who briefed reporters , obama hasnwordswordswordst made any decisions about the size of any post-2014 force . that will come in another accord that the u.s . and afghanistan will now negotiate wordswordswords one that the aides said would alleviate wordswordswordsanxiety in the regionwordswordswords about the u.s.wordswordswords future plans .
length : chapter
remove from the oven and sprinkle with red jimmies . invert one chocolate chip in the center of each disk . cool in your fridge or cold garage for 20 minutes and they will remain hard until ready to eat . they keep well for a week in a sealed container .
i think he probably made up the story about his encounter with the scammer , too ; he wanted to con me in some way , or maybe just pick my brain (he asked me a lot of questions about publishing) and knew he could get to me by pretending to have been scammed . bad move . gross went to extraordinary lengths to give his fake contest a gloss of authenticity , and it probably would have held up to casual scrutiny--but it couldn't withstand close investigation , which it might not have received if gross hadn't written to me . as a result , an alert about delmont-ross was posted on the writer beware website in late 2003 (the alert was removed several years ago , after gross stopped mentioning the contest in his publicity materials , but you can
shell has advised that drilling operations on palta-1 are being planned for q3 2012 , subject to their receiving all required regulatory approvals . the well is to be drilled in water depths of approximately 1350m and to a total depth of 5325m wordswordswords 5675m . the octanex group originally held 100% of the wa-384-p , wa-385-p and wa-394-p permits that are located in the southern exmouth sub-basin .
" one point in the lgps presentation in particular got members ' backs up : ' most members don't want more industrial action at this stage' . of course no one wants to strike for the sake of it , but most workers understand that we have to fight to save our pensions and further strike action is necessary if we are to win . it was pointed out that members had understood on n30 that a single day wasn't going to win the campaign and had voted for action in the expectation of further escalated action . one branch has had two stewards ' meetings since n30 (one today) and at both resolutions for further action on at least the same scale as november , were overwhelmingly passed . there is definitely no mood for selective action on the grounds of the division that would be caused and agreement that if there is to be future action then it should be national and united . the national official , said that he wouldn't have put that in if he had written the presentation himself but that statement is now part of an official unison statement sent to all lgps branches in wales . it was repeatedly stressed that this is not a deal and that the ballot remains live and that we can still take action months down the line .
for thanking god for his dear son ,
the need for the feeling that everything is settled , secure , and that there are no nasty surprises around the corner .
have a great weekend everyone and play nice with your co-workerswordswordswords starting tomorrow !
-place all ingredients (except honey) in a small saucepan and bring to a boil .
yoochun come home after work and he greeted by the nice smell from the kitchen . yoochun since junsu agree to be his lover , not often drink peoplewordswordswordss blood (junsu have special ability , he didnwordswordswordst need human or another creature blood . he only need yoochunwordswordswordss blood.) and live like normal people . human .
all told , you'll get three classes in one day ! if you're interested in learning more or reading detailed class descriptions you can follow the link below .
if you are wondering what the name amineko means it is
yesterday i told my friend : wordswordswordshey ! if i thinks in this way im sure it will be a thousands more who will agree.wordswordswords
* assistant fabrication manager
i asked why he never told me the truth wordswordswords why i had to specifically ask before he would be honest about it . he said that he was really hoping that we could just forget about it . he echoed my previous statement that we didnwordswordswordst really deal with things completely back then . he also told me that he doesnwordswordswordst like thinking about it . i reminded him about what the marriage counselor said about the difference between forgetting and forgiving . and how forgetting is actually really hurtful for the marriage because it doesnwordswordswordst deal with anything and leaves the door open to the same thing happening again . he said he knows that now .
1 1/2 cups cocoa powder (for vanilla cookies , i left this out and subbed it with almond meal that i get from trader joewordswordswordss . you could also use the almond meal from making almond milk!)
rating system :
publish date : march 4 , 2012
last week i mostly stayed home , simply because kj was so sick and the mr's work schedule kept him away and busy . this tends to lend itself to me not wanting to get out of my pj's . as i was about to head out the door to pick up ellie from school i decided to do the next best thing to pj's and put on my boyfriend jeans . i have had them so long that the holes naturally occurred .
deweywordswordswordss lawyer , danyel joffe , would not comment on what the dna tests may have revealed ahead of mondaywordswordswordss hearing , according to reuters .
section 24e states that it is for the supplier (ie the business) to prove that the contract term is with adaquate justification . this is the same as clause 16(1) of the uk unfair contract terms bill 2005 . section 24f provides that a court or the tribunal established by the 1999 act may deal with any issue of any unfair contract term even if none of the parties has raised the matter , again similar to clause 21 of the uk bill .
i have to admit i cannot shake this mood right now . i am actually more up at work than i am once i get home . i think it is because at work i must be up . i have to interact with so many people and in so many situations . i have to keep the energy up and the mood up . once i get home the energy spent just leaves me sullen and grumpy .
i hope you dance wordswordswords lee ann womack
some dark chocolate for dessert and some ginger cookies
one thing i love about the french is that the ingredient list is small , but the quality of those ingredients is high . the butter i use in the 3 sandwiches below is presidente , a french butter , and itwordswordswordss worth every penny .
how to coordinate your watch with an outfit

i'm heading to portland , or for the spring beer festival so i'm doing some planning . i need to decide which texas beers to take for trading . i'm thinking :
i know that there are many people who refuse to believe that the resurrection of christ really occurred . others refuse to believe that jesus was who he said he was , which is god incarnate . still others refuse to believe that a person named jesus of nazareth ever even existed and that he is but a myth .
they've got ballet dancing . i think i may prefer black swan to this .
now on to my projects :
another example is the greatly increased interest in eastern religions , which in these past two or three decades have become tremendously fashionable . now there are western-born , american and english gurus and zen masters , and so forth . and people take it quite seriously . all these eastern things have become quite an american institution , with people bowing down to the ground before maharaj-ji and others who proclaim themselves to be god . this has been quite unheard of until the last two or three decades . and these are ordinary , idealistic americans who are quite capable of bowing to the ground before maharaj-ji .
here are my pace splits (aiming for 8:04s roughly) :
i know all of these people will all be missed greatly by all their families and friends . but i am so happy to say , i do believe they are all in heaven . and i know that we will see them again .
yeah , maybe not . but - i have a plan for finding homes for all of these lovely ladies .
is time really an excuse ? the time we spend on tasks unrelated to family or work , can we put some of that time toward staying abreast of the issues ?
invite me to remember and smile and linger
this is a cycle that has played over and over in my life . itwordswordswordss played out each and every time i have gone to counseling . we start making progress , get to the part about where this hurt might be coming from and then i chicken out and stop .
1/2 tsp . red chile flakes
the water was cold and fast-flowing . it couldnwordswordswordst have been very clean , but there wasnwordswordswordst anything floating in it , it smelled ok , and i could see the first three steps quite clearly so i figured it was ok , switched off the torch and went skinny-dipping . i could feel the weariness getting washed away as i just sat there in the dark . moments from the day flashed past my shut eyes and made me smile . iwordswordswordsd come a long way , i was amongst strangers , far away from anyone or anything i knew , day
my mom and stepdad arrived a day before the memorial and stayed over with my son and i . it was the first time iwordswordswordsd seen them since rob had died . i was happy to have them as my mom really is my best friend and my stepdad had always treated me as his own daughter . it was comforting having them with me and we talked very comfortably about what had taken place .
(appa had , i kid you not , 22 cups of powdered sugar . it was a huge cake with so . much . frosting.)
whether it's a makeshift conference room in a home office or a unique dining room set-up , mixing things up is a daring but visually-appealing decorating idea , like this space with antique chairs as well as tulip chairs .
now , i can laugh at most of trekwordswordswordss silly plot burps , but this one is just lazy writing wordswordswords no one ever tells kirk that by accepting the challenge , hewordswordswordss agreeing to fight spock to the death . i mean , come the frack on . itwordswordswordss so stupid . they tell him 82 times he can back out without losing honor if he wants , so they know he doesnwordswordswordst know the rules of the ceremony , but then they donwordswordswordst tell him this is to the death ? or eventually act like , wordswordswordsha-ha ! got you , you stupid starfleet pig!wordswordswords
woods pushed his tee shot right into the bunker on the 16th and hurled his club to the floor before kicking it away in a flash of anger and frustration .
the law denied her existence because of couverture , the legal notion that a wifewordswordswordss being was merged with her husbandwordswordswordss . without her own identity , a woman had no right to her own property , wages , or body , and the notion of marital rape was inconceivable . divorce did more than terminate failed marriages or free spouses to remarry . it freed wives from couverture .
- a red minnow basket that i got last year at an antiques store that was closing
oh , we watch scenes tick by in typical allen disastersploitation fashion ; such as " the carefully crawling over a dangerous drop scene" , " the fiery explosions endangering huge crowds scene" , " the scaling inch by inch over a certain death firepit/rocky cavern/snake pit scene " " the scene that has something dangerous to do with water scene" , " the lovers who aren't sure if they'll see each other again scene" , " the angry boss/company president who won't believe the facts that something dangerous is going to happen scene" . . . there's a lot of these scenes peppered throughout this thing . i think they're a prerequisite , seeing how often every irwin allen flick has ' em .
back of my head that kept repeating , wordswordswordsyou should be sleeping , and you know
when my father died back in 2003 the encyclopedia was up for grabs . i thought about taking it , about how i could lay on the floor with my kids exploring the vastness of what there is to learn . but then i realized that if i did this , my kids would learn that dinosaurs were all a kind of grayish-greenish color , and that the one with the large body and really long neck is called a brontosaurus . theywordswordswordsd learn that there are nine planets in the solar system and that saturn is the only one with a ring . theywordswordswordsd learn that the smallest computer can fit inside a single room and , of course , theywordswordswordsd learn that richard milhous nixon is president of the united states .
i first saw the original nightmare on elm street at a pool party when i was about 12 . it scared the crap out of me then and has lingered in memory since .
so there i was , minding my own business . peacefully lying on the couch with a flame shooting out of my ear (ear candling - it's amazing) . ava chose that moment to say what quite possibly is the funniest thing she has ever said . ..well this week anyway . now , ava rambles . she asks me at least 500 questions a day . i think she says " mom " or " mama " at least 1000 times a day . around 8 or so if she hasn't met her quota , she usually starts saying it 5 or 6 times in a row before asking or telling me what is weighing on her little 4 year old mind . but , i digress . as i was lying with a candle stuck in my ear . ..jill sitting next to me to ensure that my hair did not catch on fire (or the couch for that matter) , ava was in the midst if a litany of questions and observations . thrown in was , " mom , where's your fivehead ? " of course , i was confused . " huh ? " she then pats the top of her head and says , " is this my fivehead ? " still confused , " huh ? " she explains , " well , this is your fourhead . . . . " (pointing , of course , to her forehead.) unfortunately , i was unable to laugh very hard at that point because : (1) i try not to laugh at her because i don't want to embarrass her and make her not want to come to me with her questions and (2) i was afraid that if my head was shaking , my hair would catch on fire .
elevator men are gone . pails clang . . . scrubbers
wordswordswordswe donwordswordswordst care about his race,wordswordswords she said . wordswordswordswe consider him one of us.wordswordswords

i also made a wordswordswordscoordinatingwordswordswords sign for a display of family wedding pictures (what a fun idea!)wordswordswords
by zuma against south african cartoonist jonathan shapiro aka zapiro
organic mini pod : $3.95
we come in the age's most uncertain hours
wordswordswordsi am in the early stage of alzheimers , and i want to go back to england . i want to go back to southampton , and i want to spend my last days there . but i have no money . i bought this villa when prices were high . there is now no market for it . i took my uk savings , and converted my pounds into euros . that was a disaster , too.wordswordswords
after 2 days exploring chester , today we did a shop at tescos after lunch , and then headed off down through the northgate staircase locks to tower wharf .
baking soda - 1/2 teaspoon
he said nothing more and i watched him walk downward into the gloom , into the steep depths of the tower .
so , now i love it ! & want things in there places & less junk !
3 tablespoons prepared horseradish
at some point , i start feeling self-congratulatory .
i like surprises . i really do . not the kind where your pooch leaves you a mammoth i-can't-believe-you-left-me-alone-with-what's-her-face-for-the-whole-weekend dump in the middle of the carpet . not the kind where your teenager discovers she's oops-wonder-how-that-happened skipped a period . and i'm not too sure about the i-told-my-parents-about-you-and-your-blog announcement , cuz . . . holy first impressions , batman ! those heart-stopping surprises can leave you pinging around the room like a crazed pinball in search of a deep , dark hole . but i'm talking about fun surprises . man surprises , cuz when a man surprises you with his good intentions , you get a feel-good smile out of it . at some point .
iwordswordswordsd like to say rogan and i were rushed off our feet servicing a tattooed public that were grateful someone was able to make them look as cool as they wanted to look when they went through all that pain and expense to be permanently marked with ink .
while " the eye " barely acknowledges that kukl's lead singer and the bjwordswordsrk of " debut " fame are on in the same person , some of those delightful yelps of glee and characteristic touches of vocal magic make and early appearance on " holiday in europe" . both lps were re-pressed at various intervals throughout the 1980s , after the international success of the sugarcubes .
well , owordswordswordsconnor was just quoted in us weekly about stud muffin brad pittwordswordswordss engagement ring to his long-time baby mama , angelina jolie . pitt apparently finally popped the question , giving jolie a huge what appears to be rectangle-shaped diamond bauble .
but , many other moms feel that playing sports with friends builds more than just good friendships . wordswordswordshealthy minds , muscles and habits form while having fun!wordswordswords
enough chit chat .
these are the ones who continue still to this day to teach the masses the good news . all we have to do is pick up the book and read it . ponder on it . read some more and read it daily and often . this is how we abide in him . through prayer and through sitting still and waiting upon him , letting his word speak to us , rather than us speaking to his word , we can become connected in a more intimate way . he will never fail us .
5 cups christmas cheer
some authors use the word wordswordswordsodysseywordswordswords to simply represent a journey or a passage of time . in lilywordswordswordss odyssey author carol smallwood takes a more literal approach . just as odysseus spends years making his way home after the trojan war , lily struggles to find her true home in the world .
' i'd put it on the windowsill so it wouldn't blow away, ' mike says .
thursday later p.m . : drive back to austin after work
gehry asked decker , " how would you do it , ideally ? "
for this sew-along , i invite you to use any men's boxers pattern you wish ; they're generally very similar to each other , and i'll be using a few different ones to point out various design elements and methods of construction . we'll even discuss how to draft your own boxers pattern !
the contrast was remarkable and magical . it's great to get out in the natural world !
the concept behind virtual reality is not new , of course . while most people trace its origins to morton heiligwordswordswordss 1956 sensorama machine (which combined video , audio , and sensory experiences such as smell and touch) , others go back as far as the 1860s and 360 degree panoramic murals . heilig though is clearly the progenitor of our modern conception of virtual reality , in 1962 patenting an idea for a device very similar to what we now call a head mounted display (hmd) . virtual realitywordswordswordss origins come together in the pioneering work of the 1980s and 1990s .
there is so much i hope i never forget .
polar express . . . disney xd . . . 5 pm
top 50 biblioblogs :
it hurts just a tad ,
skirt and softest cashmere jumper ever from free people .
both sides in the syrian conflict once again showed that theywordswordswordsre both evil .
some tweets even referred to the coded messages broadcast by the free french over radio london to resistance fighters in france during the second world war .
so , here's what i've received recently :
teachers of this doctrine now .
i told the group that after the c1 class i had essentially gotten more of what i already had , especially increased empathic ability . i said that had found myself working more as a psychic and medical intuitive than a channeler , meaning that i was receiving useful information and relaying it to patients , but i wasnwordswordswordst getting that information from entities other than myself . i had been in touch with various beings , but i generally couldnwordswordswordst get verbal messages , and i often couldnwordswordswordst tell one being from another . i was hoping to develop more as a medium , i said , with clearer and more definite communication .
this is not to say that she is never right , because there are some times when she nails it spot on . but there are also times she gets it dead wrong and there are many blind followers who take her word for everything she ways without verification .
i am really getting bad with trying to keep up with a consistent blog but here is an update from thursday .
teddy and ducky also had class parties where they nominated which food they would take along . it was teddy who originally asked for the reindeer cupcakes , and possum made some for her party too (it was rather handy having possum home those last weeks) and she also helped ducky make truffles for her class . family members weren't invited to these parties but we found out later on that everyone had enjoyed themselves .
suddenly a runner sliced out of the pack . he made straight to me , handed me a fleecy sweatshirt and ran on . i held it at half-armwordswordswordss length and made the face , imperceptible if you donwordswordswordst know to look for it . i spotted an orange pylon next to a lamppost , and set the sweatshirt down . annie said something and grey shrugged . i exhaled and went back to enjoying the race .
in early march , cheri had purchased her first home . home ownership was of many achievements she had on her bucket list . enthusiastic about her long await dream come true , she couldnwordswordswordst wait to get started making the place her own . a one bedroom bungalow located in the middle of town was perfect for cheri and her adventurous lifestyle . decorating the space was her plan for the summer . her desires to embellish the space took over her erect appetite to tease young men . although it never complete left her train of thought .
the vulgate superscription of the psalm , psalmus david , hieremiae , must be regarded as meaning either , wordswordswordsa psalm of jeremias after the manner of a davidic psalm,wordswordswords or , wordswordswordsa psalm after the manner of david and of jeremias.wordswordswords the hebrew text contains no ascription to an author .
mon ; 10:30am : did someone drug me ? or is this what could be called an emotional hangover ?
what things ? obadiah thought .
on a related note , brandi and i went to see andrew stanton's john carter last night . saw it in 3-d because it was the most convenient showing , time-wise . overall , i was pleased with it and look forward to watching it again on blu-ray when it comes out . the effects were extremely good (i had no problem believing that the cgi tharks were actual , living characters) , and taylor kitsch was better than i expected as carter .
though as temporary beijingers/ex-new yorkers we may hold our heads a little higher since ex-knick steven marbury led his new team to victory in the chinese basketball association finals a few weeks ago , life is still always just a little harder than usual :
apparently leading this success has been sarawak super datin , director datin noraini hussin , who by coincidence is married to the civil engineer and long term bn/pbb assemblyman for tupong , the minister for infrastructure development , daud abdul rahman .
songs less firm than your body's whitest song
hi everyone ! a word of thanks to everyone for playing - i know this sketch was bit tougher but that's why it's a challenge and you all did magnificently ! i also want to thank kim & bobbi of raisin boat for sponsoring . so happy have them part of the tms family .
in acts 15 we go to the great jerusalem council . this took place after the first missionary journey of paul and barnabas . peter is there but he is no longer the spokesman nor is he in control . rather it is james , the half brother of jesus , one of the sons of mary and joseph . he was the moderator of the council and it is james who gives the judgment and the course of action . we read this in acts 15:19 as james speaks ;
i just donwordswordswordst see it with this team and i donwordswordswordst think i ever will . amare stoudemire is not the player he once was . jr smith drives me crazy every time he touches the ball . carmelo is playing out of his mind right now , but he will come back to earth sooner rather than later . however , with tyson chandler anchoring their defense and steve novak and smith able to knock down threes , they can give any team a run for their moneywordswordswordsjust not a run at a title .
one of my guilty pleasures is taking about 15-20 minutes each friday to read bill simmonswordswordswords column on espn.com . written from the perspective of someone who is a passionate fan , a sports addict , and a recreational gambler , simmonswordswordswords column jumbles together sports , cultural touchstones , mildly puerile comedy , and anecdotes from his personal life in a way that i generally find amusing .
caring for jesse cole's would-be bride is the least seth can do . if it weren't for him , the young man would still be alive . seth had promised to look after rebeccawordswordswordsand to keep her safe from jesse's enemies . now if only he can keep his heart safe , as wellwordswordswords .
b) please make sure to leave each entry as it's own comment . thanks !
i did some quick thinking and finally told him he could go right across the walkway to where two rocking chairs were set up around a game of checkers . he happily did my bidding and began building a tower of checkers , allowing us womenfolk to return to our meal . but i soon noticed a big problem . he was stationed awfully close to the kitchen entrance/exit . which meant that the three times he ran across the walkway to tell me something , he almost collided with a waitress carrying a huge tray of food ; it was uncanny , their timing , as if the wait staff and my son had conspired together to give me a very premature heart attack . i frantically scolded him to watch where he was going and to stay put . but then his tower fell , which in turn caused him to fall into the floor in a conniption . i talked him through it and he went back to try again , soon crumpling up on the floor again in absolute despair . three times .
perhaps when i show my next creation someone in my family will say - " that's nice , artist" . has a nice ring to it , doncha think ?
for recent interviews , i have started to think about the activities surrounding the actual interview . the way i communicate , not the fact that it is by email , but the nature of the language used to discuss mundane things such as where we should meet , how we come to a decision and how we greet each other . on the whole , i am interviewing people i know and sometimes bump into in birmingham . occasionally , they pick up on a point we had discussed during the interview and start to elaborate on it wordswordswords clearly having had the opportunity to reflect . what does this reveal and is it significant ? we characterize the creative industries as being highly networked and relatively informal wordswordswords is this reflected in my approach and my relationship to the sample ? i am working with people i know .
secondly , the roster of heroes on offer : the trailer shows the fantastic four , the hulk , spiderman (of course) , captain america , iron man and more . marvel ultimate alliance 2 looks like it will be giving us the keys to marvelwordswordswordss marvellous mansion of superheroes , though itwordswordswordss not clear which will be playable yet . it will be demanding of the developers to incorporate gameplay mechanics for such a wide variety of superpowers , but it should mean that the game is huge fun to play .
the race for the cure . . .
and things are very quiet today . and slow . the whole day feels odd . i just hope is doesnwordswordswordst drag this much all day . maybe i should go run an errand at lunch . to cut up the day . or not . i have my happy tea and my happy book and my happy pomegranate greek yogurt .
and i still get emails from people who want updates , which is totally normal and expected . it's not normal for someone to disappear from your life like that , poof ! without some reason why . i can't explain it myself and the last thing i've wanted to do is cause others to doubt k and the fact that she truly needed us , and that we truly helped her . because we did and that is something i do know .
if we are headed toward a great conflagration of currency devaluation and hyperinflation , is it not right that the poor finally be allowed to join the bacchanal before its end ?
of the living ?
the winner iswordswordswords
a friend told me my writing here had changed , that when i started blogging i was " all over the place " .
i am not there
marche clumsily interprets this ,
the invitation is designed to look like a passport with soft pink and white stripes along with an eiffel tower . i placed it in a fun black picture frame that i found at hobby lobby .
when you came , and you turned everything around .
today i went to the library with all four children . we returned all our books and found new books to check out . i get up to the counter and give the man my library card . i tell him , i know i have a fine , we just returned an overdue book . he then tells me that my total is $55.00 ! what ! when we take out books from the library we generally average about 45 items . yes , 45 books . that's for three children . my kids are readers , they eat books , literally . we will probably be through the books we got today in about 3 days . so you can see how easily it can add up when you are averaging 45 books a visit . this is what my pile looks like when i put it all up on the desk for them to check us out :
the old testament and new testament combined show us the love and mercy of jesus christ . many times people say that the old testament is full of war stories , killings and murder . that statement shows that they never really read the bible for all itwordswordswordss worth . many times , we see god pleading with israel to stop what they are doing and follow him , however , israel decided to leave god . we also see many times where god states that he will hold back his discipline if israel repents and returns to god . so if the old testament is just a series of war stories , then why do we see mercy , love and grace ?

next , break apart each empanada disc and individually lay them out (but donwordswordswordst pull them apart if theywordswordswordsre not well-thawed) .
the problem with the backpack hydration systems , iwordswordswordsve discovered , is that you canwordswordswordst tell how much youwordswordswordsve drank till (a) itwordswordswordss gone , or (b) you pull the water bladder out of your pack and look at it . you also canwordswordswordst tell that your other water bladder was leaking till you (a) pull it out of the pack and see itwordswordswordss half empty or (b) notice your sleeping bag is now holding the missing water . so there i was , alone in the desert , almost out of water . still , it beats my old job .
ahwordswordswords just when i think therewordswordswordss nothing in the news to skewer , the south never fails verify my abysmal opinion of it . itwordswordswordss happy hour at the failure , and wewordswordswordsve got half-off specials on ridicule and snark .
the police find vi beaten to death in an alley the day after she slammed a door in deliawordswordswordss face and told her that she didnwordswordswordst want to see her again . as viwordswordswordss emergency contact , delia must identify the body . haunted by the image of her dead friend and guilty that their first big fight was their last conversation , delia makes it her mission to assist the police with their investigation . until she discovers that the detective in charge of the case was being investigated by vi herself for planting evidence in a capital murder trial . suddenly , the detectivewordswordswordss disturbing lack of interest in finding out who killed vi makes sense .
the wifewordswordswordss filet , ordered medium rare , came served over the hash with a side of green beans . the steak was not fork tender , but split easily with a knife . she didnwordswordswordst tall much during dinner , so iwordswordswordsll take that as an approval . the everything crusted rare tuna came featured four medallions of tuna served over an apple wasabi puree . the tuna featured a thin pink ring to show how much it was cooked , but was otherwise beet red . the crust resembled an everything bagel , with black and white sesame seeds , ginger and garlic . the crunch of the crust provided a nice complement to the tuna and its flavor did not overpower the fish . the accompanying slaw was a nice mix of napa cabbage , carrots and a sweet ginger dressing .
on tuesday i've released my second book , the little book of anxiety , and since then i've been doing the round of interviews . some of the questions i've been asked have been deeply perceptive and thought provoking , some have been fairly standard . but there are questions that none of the interviewers have asked , questions that beg to be spoken , questions that you , the readers , deserve to have answered .
allah (swt) says :
there is also a serial killing schoolteacher (dylan baker) , a virgin (anna paquin) looking for the perfect guy , an argumentative couple and prank loving kids . all of whom create a fantastic mix as we jump in and out of each story before reaching a satisfying conclusion .
1) 3 medium size potatoes , cut into thin slices
he is as fastidious about his appearance and dress as diana wynne jones ' chrestomanci , as clever in anticipating others ' actions as sherlock holmes and as ruthless as che guevara .
yay , i am officially a gym member (again) ! i joined today and did a 35 minute work outwordswordswordsi have to ease into , so i was going to do 30 minutes , but wanted to see if i could handle the elliptical yet so i gave myself the challenge to do a little more than my plan (told you i was competitive!) . so , i beat both my goals : joining by may , 30 minute workout !
but still , if i don't do the organizing now
spoon out about 1/3 cup of dough for each shortcake onto the baking sheet , leaving about 3 inches of space between the mounds . pat each mound down until it is between 3/4 and 1 inch high . (the shortcakes can be made to this point and frozen on the baking sheet , then wrapped airtight and kept in the freezer for up to 2 months . bake without defrosting wordswordswords just add at least 5 more minutes to the oven time.)
to be able to participate you must have high blood pressure . if you donwordswordswordst know if you have high blood pressure we will measure it for you for free . just contact us to set up an appointment as below .
chrysabelle meets malkolm , an anathema vampire (a noble vamp that has been shunned) while looking for a contact her aunt has told her that might be able to help her . one thing leads to another and chrysabelle and malkolm find themselves in a sexual tension infused partnership to fight the evil doers in the book .
but wandering thus i did discover a single spot
ip : well , the 20mph zones are mostly all near schools . because there was a nasty accident , years ago , two children were killed . itwordswordswordss 20mph because at 20 , a child is likely to survive , but at 30 , a child is not likely to survive . and people like the speed bumps . iwordswordswordsm unsure if drivers will really obey speed laws unless the bumps are there .
where these unwanted accessories came from , i really donwordswordswordst know . iwordswordswordsm sure my arms used to be quite firm . either they must have been full of fat , or full of muscle , and i donwordswordswordst think it was the latter because i would have looked like a pumped-up madonna .
joe : thanks , itwordswordswordss a pleasure to chat . yes , we do keep busy . with a slate of now up to 24 films a year , wewordswordswordsre getting busier than ever !
we go see the surgeon on friday . hubby is anxious to get this surgery behind him and is hoping the surgeon will be able to do his surgery next week . hubby had this surgery 25 years ago on the opposite side-so he knows how it will be-he's just 25 years older .

in fact in an unusual admission i am going to hold my hands up and say that after several failed attempts i am going to admit defeat on this post . now normally i would just delete it and put it down to experience but i really want you to read this book so i'm taking a hefty dose of humility in the hope that you might do just that . in the original foreword by james alan mcpherson he speculates about what might have contributed to pancake's death . he was a great giver of gifts apparently and mcpherson wonders whether the man who had cultivated the persona of provider also expected things of others , needed perhaps just a simple gesture but was so frustrated by his attempts that it looks to be ' hopeless except through the written word ? in such a situation , a man might look at his typewriter , and then at the rest of the world , and just give up the struggle . '
1/2 cup glutinous rice flour (otherwise known as " mochiko" , or sweet rice flour , available at most asian markets)
while the economic meltdown is one reason for this crisis , the more systemic cause is the disappearance of the traditional pension plan . the week reports that from 1980 to 2006 , the percentage of private-sector workers with employer-funded pension plans dropped from 60 percent to 10 percent . the 401(k) plan wordswordswords voluntary and largely employee-funded wordswordswords would replace the pension as the primary retirement savings vehicle .
we also examined the meaning for justification : it is the act of god , who , by grace , declares sinners who have believed on jesus christ to be righteous .
* most versatile marker of all ? the colorless blender marker . you can use it to make textures in a field of color (bricks , spatters , dots , cobblestones) . it can help ' erase ' mistakes . it can make colored-in jeans look faded .
never had she been kissed with such quiet reverence or sensual finesse . never . after a brief first kiss that barely brushed her lips , eric kissed each corner of her mouth with whisper softness , then returned to press his lips to hers again in a kiss that made every part of her yearn for more .
like a tightrope
iwordswordswordsm not a leftist trying to smuggle in my evil message by the nefarious means of fantasy novels . iwordswordswordsm a science fiction and fantasy geek . i love this stuff . and when i write my novels , iwordswordswordsm not writing them to make political points . iwordswordswordsm writing them because i passionately love monsters and the weird and horror stories and strange situations and surrealism , and what i want to do is communicate that . but , because i come at this with a political perspective , the world that iwordswordswordsm creating is embedded with many of the concerns that i havewordswordswords iwordswordswordsm trying to say iwordswordswordsve invented this world that i think is really cool and i have these really big stories to tell in it and one of the ways that i find to make that interesting is to think about it politically . if you want to do that too , thatwordswordswordss fantastic . but if not , isnwordswordswordst this a cool monster ? [wikipedia]
- salman parker -
standard airbags include the acura legend seats along with decent work ethics in corners , but for a so-called premium sports sedan , drivers have the 1986 acura legend of taking off on a par with performance sedan competitors . for 2010 , six exterior colors are available and a stable feel at higher speeds . the rl's shape is taut and athletic , and its fish-eye lens makes it hard to judge distances . so backing up the 1986 acura legend is unmistakably acura . in fact , it is pretty much identical . so which one's the 1986 acura legend , regarding the problem : it all depends on how you drive . if you are launching the 1986 acura legend new boundaries need not be conquered . on the acura legend hood new tsx keeps its great qualities while improving engine output and dashboard ergonomics . it is now associated with some of this stuff to the acura legend coolant can shift up to the acura legend wheels and acura has a problem that tarnishes the 1986 acura legend is one of a supermodel . the performance of the super handling all-wheel drive technology that was introduced with the acura legend review and therefore , not to mention logically , shares a good number of its power to the 1986 acura legend a sophisticated approach to design . multiple angles and ridges combine to produce the 1986 acura legend from which to discharge driving duties . an expansive front windscreen enhances forward visibility .
gagged and blinded , confused in haze ,
let us live in such a way
saddest moment :
10 time
- the recipe can be made with lemons or limes . medrich notes that in the case of using meyer lemons , which are milder in flavor than regular lemons , you should cut sugar nearly in half .
po takes piano lessons and writes his first song : " cristobalito " .
god . what does he look like ? this is a question that all of us contemplate at some point and time . also , what does jesus really look like ? we have seen artist interpretations of what he may have looked like . some people have had actual encounters with christ and have seen him . but , have they really described what he looked like ? all you hear from these experiences is the awesomeness of the moment .
why is that , then ? i would say that one of the reasons is that writers , like visual artists (photographers , painters and sculptors , for instance) have a more individual and self-centred approach to their oeuvre . film-makers , who depend more on a collective , think nothing of re-doing a classic . this could be as a tribute to the original director , or because they think that they can improve on his/her magnum opus . or simply because there's more money on the table . which is why we can have bride and prejudice , the bollywood movie , but no pride and prejudice , the new version by danielle steel . i don't think that i'm alone in thinking that a painter re-painting the mona lisa would probably take umbrage at him/herself . same with a writer penning a second moby dick .
i thought run for brighter day was very well organized for a first-year race , and the only hiccup was running out of small shirts (the race organizers said theywordswordswordsd change this next year) . you could tell the organizers were passionate about the cause , and they did an outstanding job .
and keep walking .
it's a free story victoria wrote as a thank-you to her fans , and she wrote it to answer one question : " who was cole before he came to near ? "
amy winehouse - oxegen festival ireland , 12 july 2008
for the whipped cream cheese frosting :
najib said that in line with the 1malaysia concept of wordswordswordspeople first , performance now,wordswordswords he had told the cabinet that government institutions were created to protect the peoplewordswordswordss rights and interests , and as such they cannot act against or neglect these interests or act beyond the countrywordswordswordss laws and constitution .
you have been battling bronchiolitis since wednesday , and we are closely watching you to make sure it does not turn into rsv . you are on medicines and just feel pretty lousy . it breaks my heart ! :( hopefully soon you will return to your happy self ! you have not been sleeping at night because you cough and cough all night long . thankfully my mom came on friday night so that i could sleep . since i have been sitting with you all night , i had not slept in three days . i have also been very sick , so it was getting a little difficult ! you and i took lots of naps this weekend , and i hope we are on the way to recovering !
he still looks like phil lynott's dad .

artein is a recent release by glenmorangie . per the ad copy , " scots gaelic for stone wordswordswordsarteinwordswordswords is an intriguing assemblage of 15 and 21 years old glenmorangie , extra matured in wordswordswordssuper tuscanwordswordswords wine casks . " those wine casks are said to be sassicaia , a bordeaux style tuscan wine .
some of the fun things that i did on this piece are . . . .throwing paint onto my almost finished background (scary!) . ..and playing some more with the pan pastels . ..check out the moon ~ the tower is masked and the moon is topped up with some white pp , and then i used an eraser to remove some of the pp where the craters are . ..this made the moon shine brighter . then i just added some stars around the moon with a white gel pen .
survival mode .
in a world of little girls and lemonadewordswordswords
as my fingers tapped keys , the sound of classical piano emerged from my computer , as if the words i was typing were being converted into the music of masters . fingers composing words , and yet . ..music comes out . i could almost feel my brain churning through this mismatch of sensory experience--fingers on keys , the touch not quite matching up with the auditory input looking for somewhere to land inside my head .
are you a bully ? do you think it would be fun to be a bully ? do you believe that bullying behavior is only part of wordswordswordskids being kidswordswordswords and that they will grow out of it ? statistics tell a different story .
old town san diego state historic park is the wordswordswordsbirthplace of california.wordswordswords sd is the birthplace of california ! sweet!!iwordswordswordsve been to old town san diego many times over the years , my first time was when i was a wee lad in elementary schoolwordswordswordsbut sadly , i have only been to old town 3 times over the years for the purpose of photographing this historic area .
if the economy was losing 750,000 jobs a month and unemployment was 7.6% , how many jobs were being lost per month when unemployment climbed to 10.2% in feb . 2010 and how many jobs were lost during those 30 out of 36 months where unemployment remained above 9% ?
beauty and the beast (alan menken)
the article below indicates that an online tracking resource has been set up to find out what burden dodd-frank is causing the public . so i went online to find where i can express the burdens that dodd-frank has caused me . i consider myself somewhat savvy when it comes to finding information , well i guess not , no such luck , but will keep looking .
start up a blog called footballers and puppies .
iwordswordswordsm a firm believer in using these things rather than having them on the shelf , so i took one out with me on the first sunny sunday that came along .
come bedtime i'm going to tuck myself up in bed all warm and toasty and let it snow . i'll be reading dickens by candle-light again . bugger electricity .
melbourne decided to turn on a bit of sun and finally heat earlier this week . i am definitely a summer person and signs that summer is coming always lifts my spirits .
wordswordswordsno,wordswordswords he says .

this has been a long summer of hotel rooms , from las cruces , new mexico , to blue bell , pennsylvania , and an incredible range of interesting stories has passed by that i didn't have a chance to post . so i thought i'd briefly reach back into the past three weeks or so and salvage a couple things i wish i'd had a chance to cover when they first popped up . in other words , you've probably already seen thesewordswordswordsbut they're worth the attention , nonetheless .
nostalgia is summoned
either god provides for us in the way that i had imagined
now you can relax with a nice glass of water to rehydrate and maybe a drop of rescue remedy too . allow yourself some time to settle . because it does work and it does loosen everything , and you need to take as long as necessary before driving .
the name is apt . this beer has big flavor , aroma , and at 9.6%abv , strength .
try to remember what it felt like to be a child . to be small in a big world . to be powerless to take care of even your most basic needs . to face judgment and criticism from strangers and loved ones alike . to be punished for either expressing discontent to be somewhere (stop crying , you're making a scene!) or for trying to make the best of it by having fun (calm down , you're making a scene!) . to always be expected to enthusiastically (but politely) reply how high ? every time an adult says jump !
to begin to fulfil their wish , i mounted my latest and current favourite painting on to some lovely paper and then simply framed it :
transition begins when the addiction starts to cause problems that force the addict to make a new evaluation of the relationship between alcohol and drug use and life problems . at the beginning of this stage most addicted people believe that they are a social drinker or a recreational drug user who is in control . by the end of this stage they recognize that they are addicted and not in control and need to abstain . in between these two points the addict experiences a painful inner conflict between the addictive part of themselves that wants to keep believing they are social drinkers and recreational drug users , and the sober reality-based part of them that believes they are addicted or at least on the road to addiction . there are four major tasks of transition . the first is to develop motivating problems that force addicts to recognize that something is wrong and motivate them to take action . since , at this stage of recovery , most addicts donwordswordswordst believe that their problems are related to alcohol or drug use , they attempt normal problem solving designed to solve the life problems caused by their addiction without dealing with the alcohol and drug use that is causing the problems . as this normal problem solving repeatedly fails , they are forced to see the relationship between alcohol and drug use . they can see that their problems are partially the result of drinking and using drugs . they start to see that they are using too much , of the wrong kind , too frequently . this launches most addicts into serious attempts to control chemical use by regulating how much , how often , and what kinds of chemicals they use . because addiction is a disease marked by loss of control , these attempts fail . these repeated failures to control their use can cause serious demoralization that forces many addicts to accept the need for abstinence . unfortunately , most addicts try to abstain without help and become overwhelmed by symptoms of physical and psychological withdrawal , social pressures , and an avalanche of problems that were created by their addictive use . these problems donwordswordswordst end when they stop drinking and drugging ; they follow them into sobriety and make it difficult to stay in recovery . when these solo efforts at recovery fail , they realize that they cannot maintain abstinence alone and accept the need for help . at this point many reluctantly and are often resistant to seekinf help in order to solve the immediate problems .
am i good enough , lord ?
the meal (i forgot to take pictures of the main dinner) .
have a fabulous week :o)
wordswordswordswhatever,wordswordswords she said dismissively .
itwordswordswordss amazing what the grace of god and sincere compassion can do . that apology alone was enough for him to renew his faith in our relationship . i was so thankful for that second chance . for a while we both cleaned up our act . and then the baby was born .
32 . that amazes me !
despite gardenerwordswordswordss claimed introduction to an older craft group wordswordswords which hutton points out is contested , and because of gardenerwordswordswordss own subsequent gathering of sources and resources such as the book of shadows , his forming of covens and publicizing of his new organization , gardener is nevertheless portrayed as the founding father of modern wicca .
saturday sarah and i had our first adventure together at garden ridge . i had never been and can i just say that i am in love ? they have soooo many neat things there! ! !
and as though , through inclement weather , no one came
thursday morning was an early one for the hot air balloon ride . up at 5:30 a.m . as we had to be at the launch site by 7:00 . it was clear . the sun wasn't even up yet , but the eastern horizon was lightening and you could not see a cloud anywhere . the balloon ride was a blast and both the mos and i agreed that it is something we would love to do again . perhaps a sunset flight the next time .
here is where we leave the known ddr4 world and enter into the realm of conjecture .
and i've made chocolate chip pancakes but never eaten them . per d , no syrup needed . so , i tried ! he's right ! no syrup needed . it was pretty good . not saying i'm going to convert my fruit to chocolate . ..but still good . as to miss k , she was a fan of the chocolate chips and the syrup . ..with a few bites on pancake thrown in . :-) now , heat up your griddle , grab your favorite sous chef , and cook something yummy ! here's the recipe if you're in the mood for pancakes !
centre weighted auto exposure ; exposure compensation : +2 ~ -2ev at 0.5 step
it was not happy and started screeching loudly and angrily . i hadnwordswordswordst got hold of it in the best way , so it had one wing free , which it flapped madly . fortunately my hands were about half an inch out of pecking range .
you probably remember last week when dfw was hit with 17 tornadoes .
four tcm samples wordswordswords saiga antelope horn powder , bear bile powder , powder in box with bear outline and chu pak hou tsao san powder were found to contain dna from known cites- (convention on international trade in endangered species) listed species . this is no real surprise , as the packages were labeled as such .
what affects one , affects us all .
if anything , iwordswordswordsd say passive and introverted . iwordswordswordsm so shy that people call me an alien . iwordswordswordsm completely different on stage and on screen in comparison to my normal self .
note that you should be running as root while you are configuring and/or installing asterisk and any related programs , or else be using sudo in front of all commands entered at the linux command prompt during the configuration and installation process . otherwise files may be installed with the wrong permissions and/or ownership , and things wonwordswordswordst work !
2 . we were so close last year , i guarantee we are better this year .
the thing i have to mull on is the neo-soul twee of it all . twee always makes me nervous . like privilege is gonna jump out the van and kidnap a brother . when i'm up in harlem i always switch from my twee hipster jams (like little dragon) to sean price (always sean pee!) . i think it's just in case they randomly turn on the all-of-harlem public address system and use my headphones for the audio-in , that's a tough look if you're bumping that panda bear . don't get me wrong , i think i could eventually pull it off . make some jokes . scarf down a bunch of popeyes (talmbout , " see!") but it's not worth the hassle , y'know .
the more i realize christmas is a matter of the heart . . . . . .
s : how do you produce the cartoons ?
a few months back we received a save-the-date card for a destination wedding . unfortunately we won't be able to make it and over some social get together dave told the groom that we probably weren't going to make the trip . the wedding is scheduled for memorial day weekend .
nearly two-thirds of the the 662 human resources staff surveyed in a poll out this week said that their companies include disability in their diversity plans and train staff on how to interview people with various needs .

" mgwordswordsa " means ' 'fog' ' in polish . it is pronounced as ' mgwah ' .
3 . in person , points have to be addressed serially which can easily cause relevance issues as one tries to raise other points while an initial point is being discussed . text debates allow full , point-by-point responses where discussions on multiple points can happen at the same time and the separation between these points made clear . long explanations also do not need to be cut off in the middle for further explanations wordswordswords the explanation can be read in full , and then clarified .
3) click
we have always unschooled . unschooling came easily to me and my family , because i learned early on to trust my heart and my children . but for those for whom unschooling does not come easily , i try to give them the guidelines you may be asking for here . if your question is wordswordswordsplease define my role as an unschooling parent,wordswordswords herewordswordswordss what iwordswordswordsve come up with this morning :
his own sake and katywordswordswordss , wordswordswords and i want to cry with katy
wordswordswordsi had an email from mr methane today,wordswordswords i said . wordswordswordshe said hewordswordswordss recorded awordswordswordswordswordswords
time difference .
practical wisdom is not concerned with the universals alone , but must also be acquainted with the particulars : it is bound up with action , and action concerns the particulars .
if you bother to thumb through you'll find one or two gems . for the most part , the information on display bores me to tears but i have found one or two things worth discussing . firstly , the " sympathetic allies" . no surprises that the scottish greens and friends of the earth are listed in there .
i love hearing what my kids dream of getting for christmas . they completely believe in the magic of santa and that anything is possible . i'm so lucky to have three little believers in the house !
kathy ide is a published author , ghostwriter , and freelance editor . she speaks at writerswordswordswords conferences , teaches online writing and editing courses , and mentors new writers . shewordswordswordss the founder and coordinator of the christian pen : proofreaders and editors network (www.thechristianpen.com) and the christian editor network (www.christianeditor.com) . learn more at www.kathyide.com .
week 1 at arizona : the wordswordswordshawks open the season playing the arizona cardinals for a consecutive game as they played them on last seasonwordswordswordss finale . the home team was the victor in both games last year as seattle held on in their home opener to beat the cards 13-10 . the season finale became a battle as both teams made late runs and eyed 8-8 record and second place in the division . arizona prevailed in an overtime nail-biter 23-20 . this early nfc west matchup should be a good indicator of who is hoping to give the division favorite 49ers a run for their money .
harley is deep into the gross stage of boyhood . here is a little ditty he made up just for me the other day .
more tomorrow if we still have power .
since you have worked so hard to get that traffic to your site and since most of them will never make a purchase from you or come back to your site , what do you really have to lose by trying to get them to sign up to your email list ?
as for whether this plan would also constitute ethnic cleansing : well , when you
grind the shrimp in a food processor to a coarse consistency . add the potato and onion and pulse just to combine . transfer to a medium bowl . stir in the green onions . fold in the flour and eggs , add the salt & pepper . heat 2 inches of oil in a deep skillet over medium heat until it reaches 375 degrees . working in batches , drop the shrimp mixture by the spoonful into the oil . fry the shrimp cakes until golden brown . transfer to a paper towel-lined plate to drain . season with salt & pepper and serve hot .
the war memorial consists of a portland stone angel surmounting a grey granite stepped pillar . the angel faces east looking over walker park and has an outstretched right arm .
her research findings raise serous doubts regarding world-wide orthodox crime policy ' knowledge ' on crime displacement and so called ' diffusion of benefits' . read the displacement brief here
minneapolis town hall brewery masala mama india pale ale
i think the prom can be a wonderful event for students and families , a special night to celebrate one's high school experiences and to look to the unknown future . asking the young women and men to adhere to a dress code and to comport themselves as ladies and gentlemen serves as a great lesson that a fun and memorable evening can be had while respecting one another . dresses and styles may come into and out of fashion , but a constant regard for human dignity and forming our students to recognize this in one another will never go out of style .
must we age ? a long life in a healthy , vigorous , youthful body has always been one of humanitywordswordswordss greatest dreams . recent progress in genetic manipulations and calorie-restricted diets in laboratory animals hold forth the promise that someday science will enable us to exert total control over our own biological aging . nearly all scientists who study the biology of aging agree that we will someday be able to substantially slow down the aging process , extending our productive , youthful lives .
the fourth doctor and leela are reunited in a brand new series of audio adventures ! dwm goes behind the scenes and catches up with tom baker and louise jameson as they prepare to battle the master , the daleks , kraals and morewordswordswords
but now it's on to a new production for the ancient one . he has been cast once again as grandpa martin vanderhof in the 1936 pulitzer prize winning play , you can't take it with you . it was great fun trying to bring this amazing character to life in the summer of 2009 for ccpt . now he gets to be grandpa again and will be on stage to reprise the role at manhattan beach community church (mbcc) for 5 performances in october (15 ,16 , 17 , 22 , 23) . thanks to that chance meeting with director alan peterkofsky while walking through a shopping center in june . . .and his invitation to the auditions .
faith allows us to see a future even when our own dreams have died .
here , as elsewhere in these parts , the road was perfectly alive with pigs of all ages ; lying about in every direction , fast asleep . ; or grunting along in quest of hidden dainties . i had always a sneaking kindness for these odd animals , and found a constant source of amusement , when all others failed , in watching their proceedings . as we were riding along this morning , i observed a little incident between two youthful pigs , which was so very human as to be inexpressibly comical and grotesque at the time , though i dare say , in telling , it is tame enough .
any stroller you bring , be prepared to empty it and carry it . carry the stroller , the kids , and all of the stuff you bring onto the parking lot tram or bus , squeeze it all between the seats and then hop off quickly with it all too . at the end of the day , you get to do this part again ! adding fatigue and all the things you purchased throughout the day .
anyhoo , better run , am in swansea at the moment , and there is rhymney to be consumed . but not before i say , big up bexley dudes , hope the rest of the festival went well .
iwordswordswordsm still debating with myself .
as a teen , i was always close to my dad . mum always remarked , we were the same breed wordswordswords selfish and arrogant (and ungrateful too , but she never said that) .
iwordswordswordsm not big on place . that doesnwordswordswordst mean iwordswordswordsve never been to places . i have . loads . and what i learned from going to all those different places is that none of them is that different . iwordswordswordsm sure i inherited that attitude from my father who never wanted to go anywhere . he used to say , and i never argued with him , that wordswordswordscontentment is being happy with whatever you had at any given point in time.wordswordswords he never said , wordswordswordswordswordswordsand space,wordswordswords but that was implied .
basically what theywordswordswordsre saying is wordswordswordswouldnwordswordswordst it be great if game genres werenwordswordswordst filed on the shelf by their mechanics , but instead were defined by the underlying reasons why a person would seek out to play the game . the wordswordswordswhy play ? wordswordswords discussion we sometimes have .
it has no windows , and it's kind of dark .
however , the main focus of this edition is the local fashion industry ; fashion as it aids the development of indigenous tourism . as deji rotinwa writes , wordswordswordsnigeriawordswordswordss fast-growing fashion industry has covered a lot of ground in a short time.wordswordswords
there is no frigate like a book
the remaining want to haves include : gps and gyro . i donwordswordswordst anticipate any problems with adding those , even though for both of those , i will be forced to use the sw versions of the protocols (serial , i2c) rather than using the on-board module .
10 pieces of sandwich bread (remove the sides and cut into 4)
the summer has gone by waaayyyy too fast ! it seems like the days of lounging around the house in my pajamas until noon(ish) , being sucked in to daytime tv and cuddling with my sweet dog are about over ! although i am sad to see summer end , i am super excited about my new blog and year in second grade ! !
i discovered that this rifle hits about ten to twelve inches high at 100 yards , otherwise it's dead on for windage . a solid hold on the center of the lower paper plate put a nice hit in the center of the plate above it almost every time , and the grouping was pretty tight . i experimented with different holds , and a six o'clock hold just below the edge of a plate will put one in the upper half of that plate every time . it's not perfect , but then there weren't point-of-aim match rifles . next time out , i'll see what it does at 200 yards . i didn't have enough time today as i had a lunch date waiting .
(2) deterring investors . imagine that you are investing in a foreign country , a country that you assess as stable and which upholds the rule of law and allows you to generate a return on your investment . all of a sudden that country decides to appropriate your asset and not pay you for it . how likely are you to invest in that country again ? well the experience of countries where this has happened tells us that investors will come back but they will be more cautious than before . but what ireland is proposing to do is to bring its commercial leases in line with the rest of europe and ensure that a major factor of production is priced at a competitive level . even if this government yellows it on this commitment , then investors will still have somewhere in their minds that the next government , which might be more left-wing by the way , will introduce the change .
i'm encouraged - i think we caught his new epm infection very early and i'm hoping the treatment will take care of it in short order . he had his fifth oroquin-10 paste dose tonight , and there'll be five more after that - he's very good about his paste but i expect he'll be glad when that's over !
iwordswordswordsm making money off of these complicated children adventures
one place might be historical context . the majority of the statements pointed to in recent articles were from the late 80wordswordswordss and early 90wordswordswordss , most of 20 years ago . george bush the 1st famously won the 1988 election with the wordswordswordswillie hortonwordswordswords ad . it essentially accuses the democratic candidate of being in league with black rapists . the republicans won by using language that was only slightly more veiled than that used in paulwordswordswordss newsletters . paul was far out on the fringes back then , where more extreme rhetoric was seen as acceptable . this explanation adds to understanding , but does not excuse .
wordswordswordsdidnwordswordswordst think it was important . they probably made up those stories just to keep us out of the woods . you know , like those grimmwordswordswordss fairytales . hansel and gretel and all those things that scared kids into behaving themselves.wordswordswords
the olsen twins . full house was the best show ever . not only was every episode absolutely phenomenal , but it also introduced the world to mary kate and ashley olsen . girls everywhere spent hours and days watching their videos and movies on their vcrs . years later , mary kate became ano and the pair started wearing a lot of fur . recently , they announced that theywordswordswordsre done with acting (is that what they called it ? ) and are going to focus only on fashion . oh , and the pair also had another sister who was kept in hiding during the 90s : elizabeth .

i am so proud to live in kentucky and so proud to have been born and raised loving the wildcats . i can remembering going uk games with dad at a kid and being a uk cheerleader many years for halloween . it's incredible being in the big blue nation . you may never understand the love the fans has for this team year after year , but i assure you it's incredible . i will also miss the superb players that are moving on to the nba to fulfill their dreams , as they have fulfilled ours with living through our eighth national championship !
the havoc of this week has left me with the opportunity to focus on my strengthswordswordswordssend my weaknesses packing and extend my plans to live my best life .
which reward you choose depends on how many points you have available to redeem .
iwordswordswordsll see your great gray owl and raise you a barred owl from hell .
she was rushed to the hospital
dec . 31 : happy blue moon new year (new year's eve and a blue moon on the same day , featuring vintage postcards with snowmen from around the world)
untold numbers of wordswordswordspeeperswordswordswords in the swampy woods
as soon as i got out of lecture i ran over to paul martin's (second row middle) and had a little happy hour before going to see the lucky one (top right) with my girlfriends . we were so excited to see this , the " new notebook " but all had the same exclamation that , " that was no notebook! " i think that the movie was enjoyable and entertaining but possibly not worth the theater price . it was pretty slow to get to the good scenes , you know that ones i mean , and then one scene threw the whole thing off for me . i won't say more because i don't want to spoil it for the rest of you . the important part was that i got to spend a great night with my girlfriends . that was much better than the movie itself .
farm kid #2 : i canwordswordswordst wait for all the fresh organic fruits and vegetables this summer .
there is a promotion throughout april , where you can achieve free goods . then even more exciting we have a new mini catalogue coming may 1st . . .
we only had two real fighting seasons at peak strength of fighting the enemy in the new circumstances we faced . if all goes well , we can have far fewer troops in place even as the fight continues under newer circumstances .
sheesh . brilliant shelley , brilliant .
3 . task snacking
second off , i would have hoped to have seen our great nation making progress and reclaiming its democratic history . yet every time i turn on the news , read a newspaper , or just hear any american politician speak , i am left with the same question that made me start this blog to begin with " seriously ? why ? "
snarl or morrissey's plummy plaintiveness . like the above , kate
one amusing aspect is the wordswordswordsdonatewordswordswords using paypal button . yup they are after your quid . theywordswordswordsve not said much about what they are going to do with your quid but they want it . i missed a trick there with camcl . i should have begged for donations and offered no clear idea as to what i was going to do with those donations and just bought cheap lager for myself . in terms of actual campaigning for wordswordswordsreally good beerwordswordswords first impressions are they do the sum total of buggar all . the beer festivals highlighted are run by others but heh , their position is clear and itwordswordswordss free . for now . they might do something if you join and suggest it .
sorry about the delay to the weekly service : christmas is a bad season for finding the time to ponder stuff . so this week (well , for the past three weeks) , i have mainly been pondering christmas .
cfr director joseph nye was a crony of bill clinton , who was
of course we all know dannywordswordswordss onto a winner with his wmpc project , he gets his dinner cooked by some of londonwordswordswordss finest food bloggers (and a few hangers on like me) and he buys them cheap lunch or gives them a bottle of plonk . this guywordswordswordss no fool . and of course he claims hewordswordswordss proved his own cooking credentials before with his rwmpc swap with essex eating . but iwordswordswordsm not buying that . i mean they are both called dan , they are both from essex , they pretend to go to the same events , they tweet from the same train home , and to my knowledge theywordswordswordsve never been seen in the same room at the same time . so you know , i think they are the same person , its obvious , well maybe at very least related in some way that means dan 2 isnwordswordswordst going to say dan 1 canwordswordswordst cook and vice versawordswordswords . .iwordswordswordsm suspicious and so i coolly volunteer to be rwmpc participant number 2 . danny is rather evasive and it takes me quite a number of months to finally pin him to a datewordswordswords.is this because after all he canwordswordswordst actually cook i wonder .
thatwordswordswordss what the famous dance number from annie , get your gun tells us , at least . the song also says that there are no people like show people wordswordswords those happy , flashy , extravagant , over-the-top people who have seamlessly mastered the art of acting , singing and dancing .
so . episode one . wordswordswordspartners in crimewordswordswords . any good ?
several months ago i was asked to help a friend by creating an illustration based on a dream someone had of terrible future events . this dream was detailed in their book which i was given a copy of and the illustration purpose (as i was told) was to draw attention to the writer and his work so that he may be able to book more speaking engagements . i explained to my friend , who had to repeatedly inform me they knew nothing about art or how to draw a straight line , that i am not a professional illustrator but an artist and art educator and that my style is very expressionistic , and they may not like it if they wanted something highly realistic . well , after many detailed dialogues i finally came up with some ideas and presented them . i was told that i needed to reread the dream and be more realistic with the dream illustration . so i did , and as you can see , this is my image/illustration . i was asked to add a few more details to the image .
my issues with being queer stem from the concept that iwordswordswordsm not truly queer unless iwordswordswordsve felt wrong at some point , and i never have . i know iwordswordswordsm exactly what i am supposed to bewordswordswords and that is what makes me feel wrong .
hi again blogreaders ,
i was advised to drink lots of water and take the iron tabletswordswordswords . to try again in 2 weeks time wordswordswords huhu !
this halloween , donwordswordswordst dress up as someone (or something) elsewordswordswordsbe yourself ! in fact , why not have a few of your friends dress up as you too ? japanese company real-f managed to design the most super realistic 3d face replica that you have ever seen .
this is not the country our founding fathers wanted .
every relationship is different . some men would never let a woman pay , while other men have a more modern view . always be honest with your significant other about important issues such as finances , especially if you are unable to contribute much financially to a relationship .
if looked at from a marketing perspective , the for-profit model of the fourth estate is floundering . today , newsrooms generate readers or viewers , then sell that audience to advertisers . viewed as a consumer marketing study , the pew research regarding press accuracy points to a loss of a market (audience) . the organization that loses its foundation of readers or viewers is sure to lose its economic support from advertisers .
at 7am , on saturday morning , she texted to say , " we'll just keep your name in the auction books . "
although it's marketed for babies , this " first doll " is also perfectly appropriate to preschool girls who are going through a mothering phase . right now , my daughter is all about taking care of babies , and this one is a wonderful pick . it makes appropriate cooing and giggling noises , and there's a fabric bottle attached to her hand that you can use to " feed " her-- there's also a sensor , so the baby makes sucking noises during feedings .
i go into the bathroom and attempt to put in my contacts , but my eyes practically recoil to the back of my skull . so , i decide to put it off until we are ready to leave the house (apparently my eyes need even more time to wake up than the rest of me) . instead , i get dressed and pack the few remaining items that didnwordswordswordst make it into the car the night before .
8:37 pm wordswordswords johnny and eve meet backstage . johnny says that he has an opening in his administration . eve is named johnnywordswordswordss executive administrator . hmmmmwordswordswords
for at least 10 years now , i had been using the mobile telecom services of vodafone (and orange and hutch before the rechristening) . recently , owing to bad service and more , i ported from vodafone to airtel , taking three post-paid numbers to it .
iwordswordswordsve heard of yarns and not the kind you turn into a sweater . the word is used to describe some movies and books . an in : wordswordswords . . . a delightfully entertaining yarn . . .wordswordswords i donwordswordswordst suppose i thought stories described like that had anything in common besides being entertaining and fun .
religious progressives , on the other hand , are drawn less by hope of heaven and fear of hell than by the appeal of the sacred community , and the teachings of religion to love their neighbors as themselves . they tend to be more open to new ideas , new kinds of leaders , and new ways of thinking about faith ; and much less inclined toward thinking there is one true path .
the iron isnwordswordswordst working this morning , which is very annoying as i have a whole pile of mr youngwordswordswordss creased shirts to get through .

wordswordswordsalright , harold . iwordswordswordsll call her . i am certain shewordswordswordsd be glad to meet you.wordswordswords
what's that all about then ?

instead i think iwordswordswordsm going to pour a cup of tea and look out at the rain that never seem to end , and hope that i will one day see the sun again . at the moment it doesnwordswordswordst actually seem too likely .
15 . dark is the bark
but when i say iwordswordswordsm a christian , i should be ready to flunk every popularity test , strike out of every popularity show , get voted off every island , and get worst place in every popularity contest .
sb 759 would weaken both of them .
shadow of illness .
he's crying because i set him down on a bench to eat his snack . he wanted to be held while he ate his snack instead . not sitting down , he wanted mama standing . reminds me of how picky he was about me standing and holding him when he was an infant . poor kid . it was mid-morning which is usually his best time of day but he was so so tired .
card base : a6 4 1/2 x 6 1/4 , layers 1/4 less
while the muslin (made of actual muslin) seemed to be the right size for an over-blouse , the finished garment in a heavier , coarser weave seems a bit too large . i think it has a future as lounge-wear , but i'm unlikely to use it as a light jacket in work settings . (these days work clothes are less in demand than lounge wear , so this is not a problem.) should i ever sew this again , i would definitely use a smaller size one size smaller , or two ? i'm not sure .
the whole thing starts at 7:30pm , ends at 9:30pm , costs $5 to get in , and takes place at the make out room : 3225 22nd street , between mission and valencia , san francisco . here's a map . that's saturday , december 8 , 2007 .
brook trout with crispy wild leek topping
does this success rate for the applicants of only one partial success in thirteen attempts tell us anything about how (or if) the uk patent office's practice has changed since aerotel ? this kat thinks that it certainly does , and also thinks that it mostly comes down to the fourth step of the test for patentability , as approved by jacob lj . the test (from paragraph 40 of the judgment) , for those readers who do not already know it by heart , goes like this : (1) properly construe the claim
hrh the duke of cambridge k.c .
i have ufos that are well over a year old . come to think of it , i have one ufo , a lace tablecloth , that is at least 5 years old . i set it aside because the circular needle i was using had a join between the tip and the cable that made it difficult to slide the stitches along . i had to find a needle with a smoother join that was the proper size and had nice , pointy tips , and by the time i had procured the appropriate needle , i had lost interest in working on lace knitted in #60 cotton . this ufo currently resides in the depths of my yarn closet and may remain there for an eternity .
6) write a blog post about this giveaway and link me to it in your comment - (2 entries)
i donwordswordswordst know how i feel about it at the endwordswordswordsiwordswordswordsll probably dwell on that tomorrowwordswordswords
bulgarian carrot 1/1
so with a new set of close to my heart stamps in hand , i had to go to work . . . tee hee . . .
and finally the eagleswordswordswords i am a big fan of the eagles . without any archers in my list , these guys will have to take one for the team if any mangler squigs or similar show up . otherwise , they can hunt war machines and divert big enemy blocks when needed .
march 29 , 2011
of course i took the shortcut and only put 2 brackets up instead of 3 ,

so , my friend holly asked if i would share " my " shortbread recipe (hee hee . .it's not really " mine"!!) and blog about it .
you may have to adjust your photocopier contrast to get the best printout when you copy your line work . make sure the contrast is high , so you don't lose any line darkness on areas where you may not have burnished the tones enough . if it copies too dark , then lower your contrast or increase your brightness .
here is our sweet p doing what she likes best . she spends lots of time sitting in this high chair and eating . she has mastered the art of picking food up and feeding herself . ..which is great for all of us ! now she can sit here and entertain herself while i cook or do whatever with the other girls .
it is not a collection of street art .
even arbitrary characters in roger rabbit like the weasels , benny the cab , and baby herman were built up and given enough personality that you would appreciate their time on screen and bother to look for them when they weren't there .
the backs are numbered and have bios and stats on the player
the flow of blood , the arching white-hot lance
immediate goals for may/june are :
charges that chima orlu , who allegedly supervised the
this is what the house looked like when i brought it home from his workshop . it looks a lot more french , doesn't it ?
shankar got a hold on himself . he was becoming hypnotised by those eyes . but he had to stay alert . it wasnwordswordswordst as if he could get some help wordswordswords his survival depended on his nerves . but there was obviously a physical limit . his hand couldnwordswordswordst go on staying still forever . at some point , even a snake bite must have appeared to be more appealing !
we have become familiar , for instance , with the practice whereby we must now pay for planning applications . i think it would come as a surprise , though , to anyone not familiar with the system that you can find yourself having to pay anything from wordswords150 for a garden shed to wordswords250,000 for a large housing estate .
i know , mijita , i know . it is unfair .
-along the course , 62,370 gallons of water and 32,040 gallons of gatorade will be served in 2.3 million paper cups that can now be recycled , thanks to new technology . another 60,000 powerbar gel packets will be available at mile 18 .
brooklyn beer tours will be given every saturday this summer from june 6 to september 26 . hosted by urban oyster , the tour will explore the rise and fall and rise again of the beer brewing industry and how it tells a larger story about the neighborhood of williamsburg , the borough of brooklyn , and even the country as a whole .
i am a work in progress like the expanding universe ;
service was very slow but not so bad as to draw ire . here's what we ordered for food :
we saw all the wordswordswordsmust-seeswordswordswords wordswordswords brandenburg gate , checkpoint charlie , berlin wall wordswordswords and even got a glimpse of some wordswordswordsprobably shouldnwordswordswordst seewordswordswords when we rode past the nude bathing area in the tiergarten .
spring rain wordswordswords
that he has a daughter now who will never be afraid to imagine something else or some place else .
when the masters are sent to the label and all of what everyone did is reduced to an album credit , youwordswordswordsll never lose the rush of hearing that record playing on the radio . even someday 30 years from now , as background music in a shopping mall , the sound of that record will return you to that moment when you first pushed up the fader labeled ld voc and there was that magic .
let the brahmaputra flow
and speaking of movies , did i tell you that we saw hugo 3d ? it was so much fun ! i went to it as a reluctant participant , only going along because our friends had suggested it and i thought , " what the heck ? " the 3d was exquisite and the detail pulled me in until i forgot that i existed . i highly recommend it , even though it's very expensive (i think) for a movie . $14 per adult ! that's more than many people make in an hour ! that's more than the net pay after two hours of work for a huge number of people !
labor and new media
then i saw these bangles . . . i want them .
nasty women by andre williams
it's been pretty busy for me in the past few weeks , so i haven't been able to ride much . i was a bit sick over last weekend , and finally got to go ride again on thursday .
update : this is a blog i started writing last year but i never got around to sharing it . this christmas i have made another panforte , i used the same basic recipe above . here and there a few changes in fruit and nuts , a few toasted pine nuts and cocktail cherries . i substituted the alcohol for liquid from the maraschino cherries .
once old enough , he studied under the celebrated sculptor augustus saint-gaudens , and at the art students league and the national academy of design . he went to paris in 1884 , where he studied at the ecole des beaux-arts and won the prestigious prix de atelier .
there are two other romney recommendations that i endorse wordswordswords (1) exploding medical costs can be contained only when incentives for overtreatment are reversed , and (b) a tax-swap involving (a) a carbon-oil tax and (b) other offsetting tax reductions (such as reducing income tax rates) has great potential for reducing our energy dependence on foreign oil .
that just shuts me up
paint and added dp onto the front of the pin .
santa's elves decide to stay on vacation after halloween , but santa needs help on christmas eve . mrs . claus comes to the rescue by calling on vampire bats to help deliver presents and stuff stockings . illustrated in colorful , graphic-novel style , this story was inspired by a question the author's young daughter asked him on christmas morning , " daddy , how do vampires get their presents if they're up all night ? " as he pondered his answer , the idea for this story was born .
since the day is almost over , i'll write the procrastination one .
toad , rufous-sided towhee i can't go on
after a two-year stint on the county grand jury , ken felt the need to begin his first novel .
tip . there are numerous online brokers who will pay for old mobile phones wordswordswords even ones that are broken or barely working . use a search engine to seek out the many companies offering this service .
in the close up shot you can see some think algae still attacked on his skin as if he just finished a big fight and did not care to brush it off . there are some nice colors that came through in these images and i was happy to be able to get so close to the gator .
because of its horn , goldeen can learn many horn-based attacks . it can also learn waterfall by level-up , even though itwordswordswordss an hm move in most gens .
wordswordswordsconsidering that itwordswordswordss anti-choice nuts wewordswordswordsre talking about , itwordswordswordss safe to assume that theywordswordswordsd simply prefer a situation where all women of reproductive age are considered to be pregnant , on the grounds that they could be two weeks from now,wordswordswords rh reality checkwordswordswordss amanda marcotte adds in a recently-penned editorial . wordswordswordsbetter safe than sorry , especially if that mentality means you get to exert maximum control over the bodies of women of reproductive age.wordswordswords
* hi miriam and welcome to tall tales & short stories . would you like to tell us a bit about yourself ?
when i was a child , we had several holidays at a guest house at arnside . it operated on a wordswordswordshouse-partywordswordswords basis , with a wordswordswordshostwordswordswords who arranged social activities during the day and informal entertainment in the evening . often the same people came each year , and so we renewed friendships each summer . one summer , my parents acted as hosts for the week , and i felt very important when they let me give out quiz sheets , or when i was given a part to play in an evening concert .
after we returned to the village at the end of a long day , this idea was displayed again by some of the children playing nearby . like all ghanaian children , they were obsessed with football (soccer) but didnwordswordswordst have an actual soccer ball to play with . this didnwordswordswordst slow them down at all wordswordswords they used what they had and were having a friendly match using a previously eaten orange .
blush pink
ending : after an exciting chase through jason's subterranean lair , final girl whitney and her brother clay , dupe jason using whitney's resemblance to jason's mother (part 2 callback) and dispatch jason with his own weapon . they dump him in crystal lake but as they sit on the dock resting jason bursts through grabbing whitney and . ..roll credits ! stinger ending , jason from the lake . classic .
then i started to reflect on my time as a blog author . i started my little blog way back at the beginning of the school year . it was a way for me to share what i do and find others that also teach the intermediate kiddos . i know that i've said it before , but coming from primary makes me way too cutesy for my placement . i don't think i'll ever go back to the little ones , but i've learned to never say never . (when i taught 1st grade , 4th graders scared me , and i said i'd never . ..and yet here i am!) i've enjoyed this year tremendously . i've had an outlet for the cutesy and the creative side of me that wants to shake some of the grouches around me and scream , " they still like smelly stickers! "
i am an equal world citizen like other people .
a short time later we were riding one sunday afternoon april 30 , 1961 just a couple of blocks from home . it was a beautiful spring day , sunny and warm . i had stopped momentarily near the crest of a hill on rittenhouse street to adjust the buckle on a shoe i was wearing . i hopped back on and began peddling fast and furious in my effort to catch up . a short distance ahead i watched michael coast down the short hill and pass through an wordswordswordsuncontrolledwordswordswords intersection with no stop signs , at the bottom . suddenly a car driven by a local well-known plumber , john c . dorsey , came through the intersection from the left and struck michael on his bicycle . i still remember vividly the sound of his bike as it broke into pieces and watching michaelwordswordswordss body thrown across the street and fall to the lawn of a corner house .
itwordswordswordss so nostalgic to see vanness wu again , itwordswordswordss has been 10 years ago since i saw him in f4 . i am surprised to see him still handsome and more handsome i think . and now after that 10 years ago i am able to see him again and he has collaboration with jun ho 2pm , thatwordswordswordss more that cool dude .
i used close to my heart's art philosophy cartridge to cut the base card , the background mat , and the shaped mats . i used pop dots to assemble the bunny scene on the mats .
there's this little caucasian girl who would wait in front of the pancake chef every morning at breakfast for her serving of pancakes . it's so good that she would eat up to 12 pancakes in one morning alone . yes , i counted . o.o
such wonderful inspiration , featuring the snowman's prayer stamp set .
but letwordswordswordss ditch the metaphors . theywordswordswordsre just another form of illusive smoke .
the entire garden was filled with the scent of lord wordswordsrwordswords kwordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordsawordswordswordss transcendental body . when srwordswords caitanya mahwordswordsprabhu smelled it , he fell unconscious at once .
hello everone , happy friday! ! !
2 . pray when i am overwhelmed and stressed easy to just react to situations with out thinking about it . and there are lots of " situations " here !
we ended the evening at about 9:30 p.m . putting on the second coat of white paint , in the garage with mediocre lighting . and no picture to share , but again , it's all about the suspense and build up , let's just say they were looking pretty fantastic , like a whole new piece of furniture , and we could have called it quits on just the white paint part ! but we will keep plugging away at the remaining steps when i head back for our final makeover day .
not realize there is a whole big world out there where many children , just like them , are going to bed hungry . when i say we wonwordswordswordst buy any video games but read books and play outside , my then six-year-old son says , wordswordswordsthatwordswordswordss ok , i have so many toys , many children donwordswordswordst!wordswordswords when middle schoolers use the word wordswordswordsgaywordswordswords derogatorily , my then sixth grader stands up to say , wordswordswordsdonwordswordswordst say that , being gay is not bad or good , it is just a way of life!wordswordswords and then they fight over something trivial like a piece of candy , or torment each other till i am ready to bang my head against the wall .
a little over a decade ago , once i came to the conclusion that the christian version or any of the other hundreds of different religion's idea of " god " was not my belief i began to sit back and try and figure out who i was , why i'm here . ..and my belief of who/what i thought " god " is . ..or if i even believed there is the widely accepted fictional character sitting high in the clouds dangling the unknown appearance of a " savior " over your head at all . just writing down those words make it sound all the more ridiculous . . .
but thiswordswordswords i had to have gen open it behind my back , then set it on the table so that i could turn around slowly and look at it . i opened the pages and looked through . it was a damn book .
orbital wordswordswords satan live 3
at the top it was finally time to descend and descend we did!! ! i noticed at this time i was getting passed by a few runners as we headed down a beautiful stretch of trail at the top of the world! ! here i thought i was a good down hill runner but apparently not as good as i thought . with the fatigue of 30 miles already on my legs i was braking too much down this stretch . some runners from the area passed and told me to get use to the down hill . they said " plan on the next 2 hours of being all down hill " .
watched the world cup football and was happy to see the czech rep beat usa by 3 goals to 0 . very good game . sorry that koller was injured . it will be another bad luck championship for the czechs it seems . i hope they will do well anyway .
so , a mystery was cleared .
