wait , we're not at 1020 ? i thought i was supposed to be throwing ice .
u guys are so wrong ! lbj gets crucified because time and again he passes on big moments . then when talking he makes excuses
day 2 of #govwebcon kicking into gear -- let's go !
to the group of teenagers hanging out in the park after dark and . ..playing trumpet , i salute you !
if you call my studio and start swearing for no reason i will mom you out .
sometimes i wonder if the holocaust was just a misunderstanding , and hitler actually just hated " juice . "
need help for ideas for a youtube video . any help ? thankss <3
come on clippers !
m espresso
absolutely!! ! thought i must have been already :)) if you have a youtube channel let me know
have a great day bro and tell p dave hi for me and please ask him to call me when he has time .
looking forward to checking the blog .
that movie freaks me out
*silent treatment* rt chuckieslife everyone tell ---- , i love her :)
i really don't like expressing myself .
omg i'm begging you! ! !
the money and pressure ate him alive . i'm saying had it not , that's 5 yrs of 30+ hrs and a diff story .
she took it to church .
my laziness is out of control , i don't even want to poop because i want to continue watching american dad .
haha ! i saw that and i kinda freaked out too lol
i'm feeling some type of way today . . . :-/
wordswordswords : after hearing all the stories im really embarrassed for myself :/wordswordswordsyou and me both :/
congrats on the win! ! my ravens play next week . . lol
say it to my face
where are at my twitter buddies ?
until i remembered iceland food existed . . . i was pretty sure stacey soloman was the brand ambassador for the country .
reached my max follow limit:( will get you all done 2morroooo
check out our clearance section on hockeygiant.com . we always have killer deals going on
can't believe it's our last full day in kauai . gotta make the most of this time before we fly out tomorrow !
i'm one chill ass female .
good luck to all runners . gorgeous day , much prettier views than original marathon to athens route !
googled . its a winter squash . butternut is too ? now im lost . can i have my 1c max on days i wod ? thats what i needa kno ;)
my bed is just making so much sense right now . . .
okay , if the texans are considered " the broncos south" , can we call the ravens " the texans east " ? that's the 3rd former texan they picked up
nice bunny !
i guess its cause i beat mine up before lol
thank you
s/o to one of my best friends , i can talk to her about anything , she's the best , and really cool and funny too !
-- because world wildlife fund has wwf trademarked . vince didn't want to fight them for the name .
omg my mom has more game then me ! she just got two love letters in the mail from two different people .
can't see em cuz its money in the way .
feeling like crud today . can't breathe . hate that .
haven't slept in 3 days , so now its about that time to watch sheep jump over the moon or was it cows ? oh well , i'll watch the moon :)
just landed in atl for - getting pumped up for tonight's & pre-party - i better see you there !
exclusive makeup giveaway with a-list products is in the works . stay tuned for details !
got to support my comic nerds :d
i cab understand the book club as a social vehicle , but i just can't figure out what kind of books are " men's books "
i'm thrilled to listen to talk about why brands need to be on sing it , brotha !
i know , comfort me best friend:(
also , miss you !
the answer is always yes . . . gotta love steely dan !
im good just chillen u in indy ?
i'm still on a look out for that hair .
sick to my stomach wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
free car fluid checks , free hot dogs and a car show at action towing 275 marketplace drive in henrietta june 19th 8-4pm
enough is enough .
#lakers gasol far too concerned about brunch tomorrow than closing #nuggets game .
a textbook illustration of the error of logic called " argumentum ad populum . " rt more like 60-70% agree .
thanks for the shout out !
ah someone who finally understands ! we get up when most people are going to bed :)
is enjoying the weather in l.a . , finally 89f! ! !
just munched a ' red heart ' road goodie worth 3 points !
tom petty . . . . nice ! rt you know the hardest part ? waiting .
a few folks are exploring a multi-wk #devops class in chicago . think deploy , host , and maintain on linux . reply if interested !
didn't even know . . .
good on you . that is very exciting .
oh - thank you so much :-d
headache from hell
and i think that soak is preceded by a few classes . . .
- i'm not in cambridge much , but will try to stop by next time . until then , please waft floral aromas toward the western suburbs .
by jennifer jefferson : diy : tie dye jeans
yes , but not the underwear .
good luck to the whole gang this week with your practice runs ! can't wait to see the place for myself !
ray bourque is in the house watching the #bruins !
his wife knew him well . rt my wife hath hired a chambermaid ; but told me that she had one great fault : she was very handsome .
sleep over with tonight , yay! ! !
excited to see the new fantasy . nobody does it better than
52-32 estill county over lee county in the 1st round of the 56th district
i feel that wiley's , publishers of the new air farce book , really missed the boat by confining this colourful comedy group to black & white .
my phone keeps on telling me we have a 1-1 today . . . (not that i want to distract you from your austin marathon of food)
so hurt
what about color ?
& follow me please #someday :)
el cajon city council to consider outdoor vending machines such as red box in the city . . . only three citizens here for the public hearing !
gas station attendant pointed at a zit on my face and said " proactive worked for her" . i said " oh really . . college really worked for me "
what do i have to do to get a follow from you ?
obama on jimmy fallon potus w/ the mostest
maybe the banks don't want it ? lol
i only travel in chic re-purposed army bags
meeting today for with our top vendor . ..all new men's arrivals today!! ! cant wait to see all of them . . .
not related , but this is one of the best designed powerpoint presentation i've seen in a while
rq ! wordswordswords : i swear i just got like 10 rt's within the past 5 seconds o_owordswordswords
call it a curse , or just call me blessed . if you can't handle my worst . you ain't getting my best .
there are also privacy issues when teacher/student communication is visible to all .
you were meant to be in the flash talk section but have 20 mins . so . . . .no need to cut it shorter !
q2 : contact on linkedin , etc . to see if they will schedule time to talk about the company-express interest in what the company does !
aw , i'm sorry ! that's so lame . i hope you have a great birthday anyways ! !
where is my honey bee ? ! ?
everybody is saying " we " broke the snowfall record in anchorage . i'm pretty sure the official record belongs to me . sorry , folks .
hi barry great stuff ! let me know if you want to talk sb !
even better:) the show rocks in france right now on channel m6 .
doctors give perscriptions dude , but we give #purpskurpshuns dude hooooo
i'm thinking that my art won't attract the type of clients that get their dead pets stuffed .
yay #modernfamily ! luke's voice is deepening fast , and haley got even hotter since last week !
i'm dragging but i'm here @ zumba
new research methodologies : text msgs , crowdsourcing content analysis , herdict software . . . wow !
ok that's cool
one life . . . thats all youve got . . . . make a difference ! :)
aww so cute , but uh . . . fill me in ? what the heck is upfronts ? i have never heard of it & i have heard of most everything ?
tonight -- once it's taken shape by & sapna gandhi , starring & sanditz
can't sleep .
i have the right to keep bear arms , right ?
i watched " get him to the greek " after you blessed it &it was quite entertaining . sounds like " limitless " is a good one too
this lady is talking loud as hell about this " herbalife " en espanol . . . ..smh.why cant people use their #insidevoice ?
i hate the tea party
thanks for the follows , i as always i will follow back until i get lost
i will always be there for you . i love you . . . . no te cambio por nada en el mundo!! ! !
i love me some sody pop !
hold me when i'm sad , kiss me when i cry . make me laugh when i'm down , and love me until i die .
obviously it's me :)
why didn't i just txted you that ? lol
when it comes to business the only thing more fun than " start-up " is planning one . oh the possibilities .
police entered a room and the person of interest wasnt there . confirmed it is related to this mornings shooting . clearing out now .
our latest #us call center statistics : we answer 99% of all calls to 877 459 0777 live ! when you're an mrc customer your call is important !
how many players per team for the dodgeball tourney ? do you want a singles tournament as well for one-on-one action ?
just make sure u make your flight on weds ! dick .
thx , i'll have my vp hit u up
#stateofthecity mayor says he's proud of hanna avenue repair project
#redstweetup tonight . or , as we call it , a night at the ballyard with
kinda like ranger fans ? don't worry they all scatter like roaches at the end of the season . ..like ranger fans . . .
thanks , friends .
so are the spurs playing against the refs too ?
hey beth ! yep we are planning to submit . would love to chat . please shoot me an email to . thanks !
without facebook i probably wouldn't have wished you a happy birthday .
just got to the barbershop .
haha i hear u!!! ! u mr . magic
it's all about tyga kanye and big sean
just watched home alone for the first time now i know why loves this movie
note to andrew bynum : get on the p.r . wagon asap , apologize for parking in handicapped spaces , and work with some charities for disabled !
good luck with that email box
nope . that was a once in a lifetime type of thing . i expect him to do alright but not that well .
whats your favorite type of shoes ? 2 . will you and the boyz be coming back to new york anytime soon ? #3 follow me ? <3 ily
my #iphone periodically gets stuck repeating songs & i can't figure out how it happened or how to undo it . can anybody help ?
i want to know how can i book
and thanks for giving me two new people to follow ! keep crushing this #kettlebell workouts !
because of martha coakley's bravery . . .
some people have to climb up from below the surface to make it to the top . . .
unreal . rt : the #badgers have now blocked the entire acc from jarrod uthoff's transfer list .
wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords chanel is beautiful too but i never thought this day would come
i love you<3
always falling but knowing someone is right there to catch you :)
we try and we fall , but we live another day .
looking for cutting edge high school equipment and applications for science labs . any suggestions ?
chalky white in the building ladies & gentleman
meant " hookers " because they are hanging on hooks , not because of their profession . it's a storage issue .
you're gay .
does anyone know issues transferring refs from endnote desktop to endnote web using a mac (works on the pc) ? any help would be appreciated .
thanks breezy ! lol
you may be interested in a guitar playing contest @ hardrock cafe saturdays 12pm www.axeoffusa.com
mt : potus speech on inequality confirms shift in natl attitudes : an econ rigged to reward the rich impoverishes all .
let's not talk about hv . .
thanks , david . so appreciated :)
no need to apologize to mitt , you're allowed to have your own views .
" if i can't write a page of happiness in your life , i hope i can at least erase your page of sadness "
what if you were hacked by z or bella ? haha i'm jk . that would be a little creepy
is there any way in django 1.4 to always do a {% localtime off %} but still use_tz=true ?
how do u not get a headache from trying to remember all your policy position flip-flops ?
let's get a win tonight celtics . . . we at barcast are feeling a triple double from rondo!! ! !
pinterest is the devil . too much time spent thinking about and pinning crafts . brain overload .
wordswordswords : lmmfaooooo n i looked hard as hell too!wordswordswords i can only imagine .
lil b the based god for president of egypt !
he thinks i'm drunk all the time . . he doesn't realize i'm drunk all the time - jeremy wolf kivett
twitter needs a report spam button . would make this ecosystem so much better !
doin me haveing fun live life
a kind of cross between julia roberts and jack nicholson . ~ jeremy novick about lolita davidovich
happy #ff to you too !
it is , especially if you sleeping in it , speaking of sleep , bab tired , so goodnight boo , sleep tight x x x x x x x x x x wordswordswords wordswordswords wordswordswords
gooddogs in the menil parking lot for friday lunch--not to be missed .
rt : come to think of it , skrillex may indeed owe me some publishing on that hairdo . . . (i had to google image of skrillex)
yeah ! (thank you)
sweat it off
follow me then :)
never know about nyc - my bro-in-law is there . i try for at least once if not twice a year . i think it might be time . . .
well , there's that . . . and the fact that you're in your 40s now . let's be real . :p
and btw , you did a great job on drshow , even tho i don't agree w/ all your points . :)
hollie finally sang a whitney song- you go girl ! #idol goodnight ! see you at 4:30am !
oh at #ebcon i can't lie to candidates , i'm not a recruiter . . . . .
no one understands
i like early morning or late afternoon ones , usually wed/fri or thurs/sat . it's so addicting !
anyone know what is happening at the foss highschool field tonight ? huge lines of cars . little league ?
2.75x speed on hypercritical w/ is like seeing how long you can hold on to one of those mechanical bulls @ a rodeo
verizon iphone probably not for me . i like to browse and talk at the same time , i'll switch when it comes out on their lte network . . . .
dont text me tonight cus ill go off on u
i think i know why ;p haha
you know it . i'm hearing , each follower = free parking at the hilton .
lmaoooo omg im starvin like marvin :p
#kids comedy pet theater : comedy pet theater from monday , may 14 , 2012 at 4:00 pm to monday , may 14 , 2012 at 5:30 pm jubilee theater 3645 . . .
in total , popularity is like the stock market : past performance is no guarantee of future success . nfl must get ahead of this
nope , i will have to look for that . at the time i was more doobies , j . geils band , and aerosmith (oopsie)
i'm just gonna do this every friday .
rt i haven't gained weight . i'm just retaining cookies .
annoyed with every . .thing . why so randomly cranky ? *cat his!*
you forgot
+2 rt : +1 mt congrats on the teaching prize!wordswordswords
reading exercise blogs to get some motivation & energy . apparently tht only worked for so long . :(
barney is marrying robin what . what .
i never get tired of watching tw get punk'd
put his twitter name on his presentation
another great " blue sky " in nashville this morning . makes me want to listen to the classic allman brothers band classic of the same name . .
dear arctic penguins , " i don't woant yo life . "
ok smooth . . u left me hanging for a minute lol
all day !
suddenly feel like eating chocolate cake .
riding the marta in atlanta and admiring the porches . . .
al final rayados ! ! !
so i finally got around to activating my mobileme account . . now apple is not accepting new members .
yes , absolutely . waiting , waiting , waiting for it to become available .
i agree !
dam you fine
wow haven't heard from her in 14 yrs . one time where i think i didn't try hard enough to see what was there
tomorrow is friday !! ! !
ppl dont like it . . . .but i totally understood her management's perspective on protecting her brand . thats business .
being a musician means you like attention . some don't know the limit of attention tho
i have a great joke tonight . why doesn't barack obama like the book about steve jobs ? because barack obama doesn't like any jobs
training in jersey city . . .
tropical nose ? as in sunburnt ?
that is a positive finish .
like , idk man but pattie and jeremy had great sex ok . justin is flawless . thank you so much .
in retrospect , drinking the entire bottle of wine wasn't the best idea
finish . ..and then share ?
ya fb is getting very boring twitter is definitely better :d
totally kalia shocker
thanks ! hopefully it'll be of good use . :) ^dr
can't wait for tim's halloween special tonight ! what's your favorite halloween-themed song ? let us (and tim!) know !
say it ain't so! ! heavy d passed away ? at only 44 years old ? rest in peace , brother d .
i already have coffee , thanks . :)
doing my homework . i got thelonious monk's " brilliant corners " and " the unique . . . "
rose nelson , conf . chair gives a welcoming adress . thanks to sponsors , planning committee . people here from all over the us
wth is up with evry rap artist singing these days . if you can't sing then don't even try smh
digitizing archives : some schools don't even have server space for the archive ! you may have to find an outside host .
one of my only credits was on a movie that had tom noonan (ripper from lah) he's super tall & imposing
he will .
off to interview the lovely sicko then 1k . so glad it starts at the humane hour of 5 pm !
birthday celebration is at the midpoint . . . hoping for things to become truly unbelievable in the next few hours .
welcome to twitter !
i'm really not sure why anyone would want to walk or bike across the mississippi river . i'm not sure i could deal with the smell that long .
wow ! i wish i remembered more of last night . . .
i'm reading ' zenzele, ' a little gem of a book , and ' the mindful path to self-compassion . ' i saw the goal is 8,000 today ? !
i can't #livemylife like this . waking up at noon , getting laid on a reg , drinking as a part time job . . you know . . it really is tough
yo dis little sixth grade girl got the nerves to tell me i'm too young to be in love . girl bye ! !
- i heard that new pho barclay movie is pretty epic . .
victorian halls will be on fox 45 in dayton , oh this monday at 8:20am . make sure to tune in !
ty is my baby<3 yours too :)
maybe the pages will be more engaging and have more of a viral impact ?
enjoyed our first info session ? come join us for speed interviews at talbert 107 at 6pm !
your screenplay must meet your needs . hire onemonthscreenplay to get a great script written around your needs and a rewrite from your notes .
m . but it would be tough not to drink wine in napa .
oh really ? ! ? how is going so far ?
cavu is the new yolo . shout out to president george h . w . bush .
praise on high,,,praise on max,,,,team jesus lets go,,, ,
had golden pride this morn,then keva juice in afternoon,went shoppin at talin,and trader joes.lots of goodies !
going to bed angry tonight
dropped my phone in the storm last night . but now it's working again . hooray !
i agree w/ judy . i think 12 pm est works best , get those early or late depending on area . . & as mentioned , wed
oh man!! ! the canyon is an awesome place ! luv looking at your pics :) ~ be safe ! :)
happy birthday of m.o.e . !! ! tonight we celebrate at !! ! come buy him a few shots ! !
lol . . at a damn gas station . . . smh
i love it girl remix with jordin sparks . love jason & jordin together . #adorable( : #beautiful #jason&jordin #iloveyou <3
it feels so good to relax after a long , easy day at work . lol it's for sure not always easy so i'll take it when i can .
what's your craziest sexual experience ?
good morning and happy wednesday !
hahaha love my friend
that is awful maybe was more than meltdown in that case .
just saw this sign : moms eat free on mother's day at hooters .
i'm sorry , i don't speak starbucks .
eric cantor making a mockery of the republicans . you go boy destroy your party . take care of the rich screw the poor !
is in the house . watch out grocery stores , you'll be providing a better customer experience before you know it .
let's all take pictures of ourselves watching #bestfriendsforever with our bff's and send them to ! !
lmfaooo i've got some shirts that need pressed while you're at it . . .
# questionsihatebeingasked who u with.do u miss me . wat u doin after graduation
march madness is really madness hahah !
good article . i'm still rooting for a.i . too . i hope he gets his life together .
it's little 5 ! !
today you can solve a problem or create one . ..let's go
no pho for you !
i feel like crying :c
thank the good lord my baby come out of surgery good yesterday and shes doing great today
oh fun!! ! i'm going to do that in september!! ! now i'm just doing . . . doing " something " every day! ! !
i'm serious dood :(
- unknownthe winds of heaven change suddenly ; so do human fortunes
everyone deserves someone who'll make them feel like their heart was never broken . wordswordswords
happy christmas eve . . . ..we are open until 2pm today if you need a last minute gift card .
you inspire me #doveinspired #mom2summit for your passion and vision on your awesome company! ! see you !
haha - entire series is good (though i liked the first the best) see the movie or reading first ?
avengers was amazing
lake oswego school district superintendent bill korach to extend contract by additional year
dailydeal fail : no business can sell $50 of product , for $25 , 1/2 going to groupon , so biz gets $12.50 for $50 of product ? not gonna last !
i think it's creepy how ppl follow so many other ppl on instagram yet they have zero pics
considerin they only won 2nba titles & none in almost 40 years,are the nyk 1 of the most overrated franchises in sports history ?
watching #iona beat on #mormons like #santorum (ugh)
someone should probably remind kansas that there's a basketball game tonight . ..go cats !
congratulations ! rt : looks like im going to st . john's university , cant wait to get there
dc : first solar to lay off 2000 workers . as another obama back , tax payer funded , leftist fantasy company fails . ,)
radio turnd to hip pop . . . smh
#imthatpersonwho makes myself laugh more then i can make others
happy friday
going out enjoy the day . !!!!! ! gorgeous out . lets enjoy what we have/want:join www.coalitiontosaveamerica.com . . look forward to chatting !
it's a bunch of babies on twitter smh . . . .the young people are taking over everything ! *sighs*
it's t-shirt time !
ok i'm jealous . . .
it's funny how in the begining of a friendship there is a touch barrier .
ha different car , but pretty much captures it
thanks pal ! its good to be a 30 something
so glad you like the article on #leanringtransfer . i'm now following u & & look forward to ur tweets
follow and connect with in va . maybe y'all collaborate on some stuff ?
how do you get a cold when its hot ?
the $usd is getting punked . deliberate currency devaluation signaling impending greece-like conditions in us
wow , such a great day ! i just finished playing prof . matt micheal's personal baby grand piano !
ready 4 xmas ?
oh for tweet's sake . . .
nothing like waking up the next morning from an awesome show! ! thanks to everyone who came out the el corazon lastnight !
wordswordswords : hello my frenchy missing you :-)))) big kisseswordswordswordsmissing you too my beautiful friend .
super excited for my show at maguire's tonight ! !
hey miranda you come 2012 to germany or other land in europa ?
it always is ! and it will probably be what ties my comparative dissertation together . a litmus test of sorts .
so when is the last time u fought someone who wasnt a golden boy fighter ? don't say cotto , he has no promoter
i stand for obama because i stand for equality .
had a blast hanging out at urth caffe and then happy hour at mccormick & schmicks in beverly hills yesterday . . . was so stuffed after though !
the dates of the open beta haven't been announced . when we send them out , i'll make sure you get one ! :)
so who go bat the cabinet where cloud stands . (incoherent thursday)
girl in campion is listening to generic indian music really loud . you know ? sounds like dinka dinka dinka dong on repeat .
halfway through navarro's san diego confidential . reading it for class . very interesting background on sd's political history .
but you're like mad soo i feel like i'm bothering you . .:(
saw george zimmerman could face death penalty with possible hate crime charge.can't comprehend killing someone because they killed someone
welcome back ! hope you and hubby had fun !
way she talks . . .
morning gym workout .
la lakers<<<<<< la gears
the whale sounds in boyfriend are really cracking me up ! xd
you got it .
and there's no way in hell ill be 3rd place , or get under 9 mins
i know ! she's so funny! ! i don't know what was better , her use of props or her changing the words ?
let's do it . and then peg kids in the face ! haha
today's the day .
we're fine , but his family doesnt like me because im black and hes white and i told him i dnt think im good enuf :/
oh lordy , beardy british comic artists in the elevator . i am in lurve .
gina , are you here ?
m . ..i must have missed the romantic gene .
please don't send me spam crap . mkay ? thanks a million .
time names president hrabowski one of 100 most influential ; story on front page of baltimore sun
please , what is that cool retro guitar you play ?
almost dexter time
haha solid way of putting it . certainly , kobe can do no wrong there .
so we've made it to wednesday but how's weather going to disrupt our day ? julie broughton is saying , watch out ! tune in
the seahorse disappeared into the imaginary wave
join us for a valentines day concert on feb 13th at 3pm at the western branch . crafts will also be available . call 282-4639 for more info .
tekkers ? in a tin ?
well if you must know . expecting a guy to be involved .
my neck is going to be sore tomorrow :c
i was up at ready at 730 . . .
what r u doing down there
i'd like to volunteer . what do you need ?
winn $200 and a pair of jordans . . just follow me and subscribe to me on youtube @ therobenx check out " go crazy " the single ! !
www.w3schools.com <<<<
sure they did
now that's love ! even thinking her forehead is sexy ! lol
brick walls are there not to stop you , but to see how badly you want something .
happy birthday follow her for her special day rt
working as an extra in a commercial shoot today from 9-2 :-)
olivia pope is fierce
i don't have a kindle , but i totally just bought a copy of pa for the kindle app on my phone- and yes i downloaded the app to buy it ;)
i also saw you looking at yourself in the rear-view mirror ;d lol
my niece isn't asking for it . my sister wants to do it . my niece actually wanted her to talk to me & my other natural sister 1st .
this week in us history i am teaching reconstruction
rise n shine , bout to go to myfriends church for the first time finally . . . ..hope i have fun . . . .duh
we're having our december 12th planning meeting at the next restaurant to commit to the mkewineopener on february 24th ! who's it gonna be ?
happy birthday ! looking forward to catching up in a couple of weeks for a #soccer ideas fest !
lol i didnt have your phone ?
thxcraig and congrats ! rt great job by habca in putting on all star games ! first class organization run by first class coaches
2 hours of napoleon down . 3.5 hours and two intermissions left to go . world not conquered yet
my pleasure . thanks to jesse doing that great interview ! looking forward to seeing undefeated .
hoop scoop has amile jefferson ranked #2 overall in the nation . lulz
agreed--> rt #notredame hopes pre-game videos/intros can mirror what they do at - nobody in league does it better .
shout out to my new follower :) follow please :)
if you're alleged more than twice , you're a wife beater
it's silly season .
taped a message for indiana's educators with my good friend jim davis this morning . next up : season opener in connersville .
on pacific time and up way too early . . .
a relationship is like a house . when a lightbulb burns out you don't go and buy a new house , you fix the lightbulb .
it will be great to have something to look forward to in middle of june ! it will probably be a while before i do another trip .
what the what ? !
i hope that's not the case !
rt : the 3 es of #content : entertaining , educational , economic
back out to mitchell international today -- curious about the leaky pipeline which carries all their fuel ? check it out tonight at 5 .
orca whales are absolutely horrible . free willy , my ass .
hey sis what is the sipp ?
get it girl ;)
need monies , so much awesome stuff coming up this summer that i definitely want to do! ! !
hmm , aiden with a man bag ? well , tell him it's only a few months away . presley is extremely cute .
new built houses in miami metro for sale far below the costs of constructing
numerous factors are at play . do you have a specific case you are wondering about ?
but she loves nuzzling!! ! !
we want to thank the folks from hallmark for answering calls tonight !
is studying lines while not in the scene ! :d thank goodness for breaks :d
u have such an adorable twitter icon ! !
i'm asking if jefferson commits to kentucky , will that effect anthony bennett decision
day four without coffee . mostly drinking black tea instead . amazed no serious withdrawal symptoms and feeling great , much calmer :)
they got our chest bump . now the world knows i got higher than you
the dealine for the o'hagan poetry contest has been extended to tomorrow at 4 . #cua students should submit for the chance at a cash prize .
it took us forever to figure it out loll . i remembered hanging out w/ a cousin lexy when i was young . but never put it together
so sorry for your loss (whenever it was) . . . . much love
is looking for a #java #technical #lead for a #contract to hire #job with a large retailer in #sf . interested candidates must have worked owordswordswords
happy fathers day to all the dads out there ! !
all i want right now is a massage
can i get a ff for a 25 yr vikes fan here in tn , screw the titans lol . i stay true
hit me up on the dm :)
paul oakenfold " we are planet perfecto tour " at fluxxsd edm tonight ! message me for bottle service and a very limited guest list before 6pm
you're the man adrian! ! <3
can you please use swipeless technology when i purchase gift cards so they don't scratched ? i don't want scratched cards .
so guitar , metal and screamo ! ? !
only in southlake you would find a cow walking the side of the road :p
they do don't they . i listen to ghost train twice a day lol
haha okay maybe not malware but still - no bueno
thank you very much! ! i really appreciate that !
when my baby become a big musician . i'ma always be his number 1 fan .
life is what we make it , always has been , always will be . ~grandma moses
just another one of those days . . . sigh
going to go eat with aunty before she goes to england , .
that's right! ! and i knew that . wait , is also the 4th! ! !
i woke up to this : #maythe4thbewithyou . . . i sat there laughing for like 5 minutes ! pathetic ? i think so :p
i hate hr
can't move body feel frozen
take it slow with me !
turkey sausage is surprising good dipped in applesauce ! so much better than pepperoni .
just napped for the first time since spring break . it was amazing .
love is being stupid together . paul valery
- long time no talk . give me a call laterz .
doesn't know the term day off !
i could not be happier that this school year is ending soon wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
promise of rain-feelin sluggish-pushin on-got java , good company , & ruby thumpin her tail - all's well
just watched turtle : the incredible journey . wow ! they find same birth beach 25 years later . made by turtle group as ad that really works .
and now , lord , what do i wait for and expect ? my hope and expectation are in you . psalm 39 : 7
kobe just passed larry bird for 5th on the all time playoff steals list
you're not supposed to stretch every week -_-
rethink the " know the ingredients " what is red blue #576 anyhow lol !
i will be doing the same ! good luck . i hate scholarships i always feel like its a waste of time because i never get them
direction for new library card . placed holds on phone for homebound patron . renewed over phone . talked about adult programming with staff .
" share and flourish " ?
hey babe
while (i<4)
awesome . what's your email address ? i'll drop you a note with the meeting info . thanks ! !
betrail hurts , expecially when it's somone you trust . it just shows that you can only trust yourself .
you folks make a mean chili !
some people just need to grow up .
so pumped! ! !
this is amazing .
apparently , i am the only person who decided to work at my office today . because there is no one here .
you should take cop to prospect park 1 time before you go back to the motherland . even if he picks a fight , let him have his day .
i know :( although my sister said an all-crackers diet did wonders for her .
it's funny how no matter how different our stories or situations are , we all can relate to quotes and each other .
yess ! 26 of the 80 songs recorded ! they're all really good ! maybe i'll post one on youtube . . or when i do my ustream this weekend . .((
#checkitout was alright tonight . in other bedtime news , there are a lot of new selections on netflix #recentlyadded . nigh nigh
lets make a " call me maybe " video .
i don't trust him as far as i can throw . . . ..with my private parts
date . . . commitment . . . marriage . . . children . . .
i'm being kept till morning time . luv my friends but seriously i hav things to do in the morning -_-
i'm so bored
driving on back roads at night <
on the phone with the girl u love : hey i was think that me and u could go to dinner because i am bringing the girl i love and you haha
its so weird ! i hurt them at different times! ! !
agreed . i was blessed with huge legs naturally , so it's always been my fav too . especially since so many other ignore their legs .
may the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house . - george carlin
time yet again for that annual spring ritual :
i only have myself to blame .
at this point , if signature+ford's hired natsu to direct hello , dolly! , i'd withdraw all my reservations .
i'm a hobbit friend too . they're also filiming a production of another favorite , the runelords . vote on actors
jojo has lost it
so it's wednesday morning . it's foggy as hell . omg i'm in silent hill . ..best game ever . .hi .
free promotion ? get more for yourself at the site on my profile . you will thank me :) do you follow 4 follow ?
come come now , you should know i have a copy ;)
did anyone else think that last episode of #californication was more series finale than season finale ?
damn i wanna go home already .
so why is doing it .
thanks , good timing-posting two new ones today
this was an excuse actually used on board my ship when i was in the navy . " sorry chief , i was laying in my rack sound asleep and i was dr . . .
where does one going shopping in #sacramento ?
oh , so you're good at lying ? haha
#nowplaying common - hungry
this is adorable .
doin this new mix for website , ah the theatrics of it all ! !
boy do you look uptight .
thank you , stan .
brilliant post , chez ! oh , those poker-playin ' married men . they love to grind . i . . mean . . blend ?
no accountability just blame
long pass to gathers to stop at the clippers 16 yrd line . 9 secs left !
rt : rt and follow us for all your t-shirt , and advertising printing needs! ! !
katy perry to replace kelly rowland for ' x factor uk ' ? - first coast news
love love love and that song! ! =)
heading downtown for viewing of hdcam transfer , hopefully it's complete .
today is a big day for overtones . if all goes well , you will know why soon enough . wish us luck !
big daddy shaq couldn't fit in a buick . . . . may as well have him endorse an i.q . smart car be more entertaining .
sigh . . . i hate reading this book
i need the number of a customer service agent i can speak to right now on the weekend . do not give me your corporate number .
lol good luck !
last two days of solitude before kids are out of school for the summer . should be writing , but all i can do is smile at the silence .
visit . no moving back for now .
.thebullyproject.com fantastic ! shld b required viewing & orientation @ all schls
oh how i wish i was in miami right now
was told by my husband that i smelled like a butterfly this morning !
much-needed optimism . rt : woohooo!! ! #11 ! considering what we did with #21 last year , we're gonna kill
i don't wake up in time w/o an alarm , but i was kinda awake already . and then i dropped/found my only right contact lens . dodging already !
happy easter to my boys all others who celebrate !
excited to be added to the line-up of the gram parsons guitar pull in waycross ga this october w/jim lauderdale and ralph stanley .
oh fiddlesticks . murray out to berdy . so my campaign ' murray for the french ' has taken a minor setback . but good win for berdy .
oh no ! what's wrong ?
gonna look @ my eye lids lolz stayed up all night 4 a test ats on thursday soo now i got a head start lolz good night tweeps :)
you know it . it just . ..feels right . :)
thank you for the rt (and the compliment) ! :-)
thirty-three hot dog night
are you sporting green ?
#childhoodmemories only going to school for 3hrs .
you are my role model bought your book and shampoo love both:)
when you wave at someone & they just stare at you like your crazy . -.- i just go . .well then !
welp . that wasn't fun . good win for rangers . thought we had them through the second . oh wells , there's always wednesday .
do you do promoting by any chance ? like over the social media networks and stuff ? if so , i could use the help if you don't mind .
if we want people to speak to us honestly , we must take responsibility to honestly listen .
i'm extraa saldyy about to download her new song . dang , it's not out yet :/
tony parker pushes off a lot
really ? my 2nd grader is not reading them - though my 5th grader did (as did i)
i'll just have to make a trip to sunny california ! !
the best kind of meeting !
to err is human . to arr is pirate
time is running out to win 1 of 5 books in our giveaway today . winners announced 27th mar 2012 . your last chance to rt , visit . . .
i love being here to help people if they need it . :)
wordswordswords : missin florida right about nowwordswordswords come visit me please . wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
editing today :)
follow me please . :)
yay!!! ! you're on twitter ! !
twisting my hair until something cool happens
love how my beats put amber to sleep lol .
yea should fire her manager he not doing his job ! he go to go ! you don't need him!!!! ! # i hustle !
i just want to say i am so proud of everything has done and the things she is embarking in her deployment <3
test tweet
who's coming to wednesday writers workshop at 1 pm in king 127 tomorrow (feb 1) ! ?
she did it her way .
hi ! i'm great , thnx for asking ! how are u lovie ? love ur flawless icon btw , xoxoxowordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
aw poor baby . wordswordswords but you get to see me in two weeks , so be stoked and smile ! love you :-)
i guess i can use any format that works on the ipad
it has become increasingly difficult for me to ignore the fact that the universe is looking out for me . thanks oh celestial wonder
ok the new #dr.pepper commercial is #disturbing! ! them men are ewwww
sleepless night for cpope
#cil2010 where's lunch ? someone else must be hungry .
have you given much thought to what kind of job you want after you retire ?
so we don't make the guy throw us a strike after he loads the bases hitting and walking batters . smh
birds are so annoying holy cow
my brain can't compute & exploded . rt " : he's my boo now . back off kell . rt see you tonight boo ? "
fyi : parking deck 1 is closed for renovations until august 9 . parking deck 2 at 166 washington st . is open 24/7 during this time .
p.terry's veggie burger . . . .
be better than me to the homies that i influence .
game of thrones : rose leslie on joining the series &amp ; playing ygritte
it's 50 degrees today at notre dame !
i am guessing that you were in the same situation as me for paper 3 . this years exams suck! ! !
thank u so much sis , that means the world to me . guess what , i booked my first show for june 10th ! at the red sea . c u soon !
had a dream last night that one of our commissioners wanted to integrate more foreign accents into speeches and wanted pio's help . so weird .
ever have a ' meh ' kinda day ? i want to be more passionate and motivated , but feel like i'm forcing it . must remember to wait upon the lord !
can you dig it ?
hey thanks :) one of my planned spring break treats is going to your book event here in seattle ! glad the tour started out well
he's not too racist !
no need to be humble . your opinions are valued !
fancy restraunt= fancy napkins wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
oh shut it drew you are way passed me on this train
any rt's of my last tweet about the pete frates fund is greatly appreciated!! ! thank you !
just finishing off my last duties as ny-area rebbetizin
do you like it and are you gonna put it as your icon ?
" a meaningless life for a human being has none of the dignity of animal unselfconsciousness ; (1/2)
admuncie.com is new to the tweet world .
enjoy the game .
i #cantwait for paranormal activity 2! ! !
hah . very very appropriate . thanks :)
any recommendations for reasonable , close place to stay during conference ? hostels ?
ur to gangsta to kick it with me ? haha
aight cool im checking that 1 out . .
i hate perverts . . .
ucla's spring game was scheduled for saturday may 05 . . . .yes
never call a girl fat , even as a joke . you have no idea how much it hurts her , even though she smiles and laughs about it .
yeah i read that one . it's an interesting strategy . i may join the select program soon myself
time to jump onto nlm classification and mesh sites and fire up the ol ' cutter-sanborn tables . i've got cataloging to do !
new online health and wellness courses! ! mind your mood and conquer your anxiety www.vubiz.com
where are you ? lol .
totally missed the smokey and the bandit joke .
he has a vision for how evms can best serve this community .
hey guys just so you know rachel korine does not have a twitter . shes on springbreakers with me ! she's lovely ! just letting y'all know !
who else likes to participate in autodidacticism on a saturday night ?
drunk as 4 african moneys
i'm just cool like that ;) besides , us and are doing the montreal road trip some day
going to burger king . wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
wearing fall colors in spring because
haha i like the way you think !
please tell me where this room is so i can be sure to avoid it at all costs . scary !
who is better or
wordswordswords : signing at the dc booth in 20 min . will have copies of batgirl 23 and 24 to sign and loose upon the worldwordswordswords see you there !
what is even more strange about birds in arena . ..is that i just had follow me on twitter !
can u get miniotics to give a shoutout to alana ?
that's not a lot of cash to walk across a continent full of poisonous animals . george lucas needs to pitch in .
i would wear my #giveaway to all of the fun summer parties and weddings on my schedule !
# has some really saprkly pretty eyes:)
up and running , www.josephgehart.com
slammin ' that thing like a cadillac door . . .
come over and say hi to travelerwordswords at gate 11 , check out new merchandize as well . fight on !! ! !
true life : i look like jordin sparks
dear chair neighbor , please talk more quietly on your phone with nicer language . there is a kid next to you .
yes , perpetual v . subscription those were the words i searched for .
emerging theme concerning animal-mineral proprioception .
congrats man !
translations are free
tater tots / beer
tf some jerk kept prank calling me
i decide which beer to drink on a case by case basis
whose excited for spring ball next weekend ?
do you like ed sheeran as much as dustin ? ! :)
btw the sad nipple is the best twitter handle created since twitter's launch . they should give you shares when they go ipo
leadership is about igniting passion in others - are you trying to align people with your values instead of getting on board with theirs ?
welcome megan ! let's dig in . .q1 . what is driving your interest in mobile marketing and apps ?
very cool re : harmonica lessons . i'll have to chk it out !
how do you not like blue ? you must not be a person . . . . .
rt : happy birthday ! have a good one (ty 3-2 -- its been a minute . ..have a good weekend ! work hard . ..)
pretty sure i can beat nick johnson in a foot race w/ a cigarette hanging out my mouth .
rt : on with michael hagerty in a few minutes talking about the latest acquisition by 88.7 fm
yo blow up
when i order a hot pink macbook case and it comes in like a red/orange color <<<<
audience question for & : how do you engage younger artists to get involved in the study & preservation of
the board is loaded with options . . . .take a safe one with a shot to win and lots of ks :)
we will soon , i love you guys <333
nice dude . me ? trying to get content that i've had lying around for four years out making me money .
michelle please retweet my toilet idea i really did dream it one night and was on the shark tank rofl !
i saw the pennyfarthing dude at 5:30 pm .
lol thanks its ben a while
icc auditorium 7pm tonight : screening of fugazi doc . " instrument " followed by a q&a with jem cohen and ian mackaye . you should probably go . .
i hope i never cross your mind , im glad i never entered your heart but its okay we where doomed from the start .
how do you get some one to change their ways to make life better and to be true to what the original goas where ? you don't . . .
don't forget he dropped that one as the lead singer of his speed metal band body count !
if & others pushing for all-star social media hub dt , most def ! ppl will see more of kc !
so frustrating when you finally have some quantitative data , yet not the quantitative data that you need to make a decision . moar data !
looks good ! can't wait to see if in person . :)
this has been bothering me since the show started ! why do i keep saying " but you killed patrick swayze though " ?
yes , its genealogy . ..have been working on my tree for yrs . now , saw the ireland homestead a few yrs.ago,beautiful country .
it's even better when friends have amazing taste (read : founding farmers cocktails ftw!) rt : love what a small world dc is ! :)
one day i'm going to name my son carl . that way every time he enters a room i can say , " carl . ..good to see you! "
chase your dreams but beware of the guillotine , show your talent in the land of the foulnes .
we in here ee goonn set it all
there is no greater joy than knowing you are unconditionally loved !
how are you feeling these days t ?
is watching & take new york . . .
who's your favorite band of the #the70's ? tell me now
tuesday meeting tonight at 8:00p in monroe 114 . see you all there ! and at ' s v-day reading fri , feb 10th in the alum house .
i dnt trust anyone
i'm sick . (not lyme related) thanks for asking how are you ? i love you mom !
so far everything looks good with choice of new apartment--just waiting to see the inside before final decision is made . love the outside !
i don't get it either 0.o
indoors or out ?
top 20 countdown ((( :
#orwant " this is a supplement not a subsitute for print " yes !
with miss lydia and in a way with janice etc . . . so yea ! pretty women got it on with sylar , because who wouldn't ?
local killer haircuts , period
thanks for the follow . digging your social media blog !
constantly lying to get your way
enjoy your day of relaxation :)
wordswordswords : she's tough . she's difficult . but if you make an effort . ..then she'll be worth it . she's worth all the effort.wordswordswords
excellent ! wordswordswords : monster trucks . that is all.wordswordswords
i can move my knee right to left , that's not suppose to happen wordswordswords
i hate that the rock show is on at midnight and on mondays only . i'm never awake and i have to listen on iplayer aka i don't get to text in
maybe a few minutes for that many rows .
see everyone tonight at my presidents reception ! www.chesapeaketech.org
great weekend ! productive sunday morning for the robinsons , now home to relax for the rest of it ! :)
excited for worship tonight !
#21 you got . . . . s&m by rhianna ! lol this song is great . in a rated r way :)
how you gon ' #win when you ain't right within ?
who do you turn to when you fall apart . .
laugh at your problems , everybody else does
way to go , ! you're a tweeting machine !
i know , terribly awesome , right ?
ahaha ! you're welcome .
it's all about agility
mens levi cargo shorts 29.99 and up , and ladies levi shorts and sundresses .
" can't reassemble a wad " is probably my favorite thing anyone's ever advised me on twitter .
yes we got it . i forward it to my business partner . that song is a hit bro !
save money on exterior painting.take advantage of our great winter rates now.call for a free estimate today 619-562-5848 " we love to paint "
dreamt someone said fleet foxes ' lyrics were better than modest mouse's and was furious . wut does diz mean ?
now leaving the bar . . . .we had a ball! ! !
we think she's kinda sorta alright every other wednesday .
i bought a second ticket , if you're interested
i know next to nothing about hockey , so i shouldn't criticize . but this is the internet , so i'm required to state an opinion loudly .
ha ha ha . bless your soul . you really think you're in control ? well , i think your crazy .
when someone asks to take your work home to copy , then they lose it . omg . you're never copying me ever again . k! ! !
rt : letterman : " cheney said he wants to live long enough to make sure nobody else gets health care . "
our greatest leader is ourselves . we lead ourselves everywhere we go .
i hate having a skylight in my room !
someone through flour on kim kardashian at a red carpet event ? lmaoooooo . ..talk about frying some chicken .
broccoli cheese soup haha
ur lucky that u gettin ur braces of 2mm i'm gettin them on pretty soon
monday no longer holds a dreadful significance . can't figure out whether this is a good or bad thing .
soon we will be getting sick of memes before they even begin
that would be smart
when will you be in ny ?
good morning shasticians !
i really want my ps3 and final fantasy xiii-2 now please . . .
some good sleep , and a new day is waiting for me .
legs hurt/ :
that's he has lightning fingers !
thanks for following . need some advertising ?
no offense to y'all but i feel a bit gifted , so i think my odds are about 50/50
i just love robert downey jr . so much omg .
rango is up there with shrek and toy story . awesome movie .
#17 i have to go back to school tomorrow from spring break :/
i must be winning because its alot of hate in the air . ..lmao . . .
in #nyc till thursday !
i'm no beauty queen i'm just beautiful me .
word bro . ..aye man . . . .follow my crew too we drops knowledge for intellectuals such as yourself mayne . ..lol .
get me out of this town before i go insane .
#myperfectguy someone who always wants to hug and kiss me . at the right time .
what up dog
breakfast come to us or we'll delivery to you ! #eggfast www.eggfast.com
have you visited hoboken before ? any fav spots ?
" you went into the barrel and out . . . " but in reality , you were in there for 18 hours , having the time of your life .
there's 8:01 remaining in the first period . i wonder what's coming up next . . .
the best part about friday is when you find out it's actually thursday
aaaarrrgggh stupid auto-correct ! !
and rep . becker seem to be planning an effectie approptns cmte pocket veto of #civilunions . no word ap cmte has accepted .
im on spring breaaaakk.( ;
what's that ? sean decided to tweet a 2nd time in the month since he decided he needed to tweet more ?
any estimate when your systems will support 810px ?
be proud of what you have accomplished , but always remember that there is more work to be done , always .
love you support and friendship :)
yeah that was it . ..lol . .the (bro thing),,,had me thrown off for a minute . .
teacher's pets <<<
the medical alert system will transmit a signal to the control base or hq , which will send an emergency medical personnel to the scene .
you are very welcome , when i do pencil drawings i always use prismacolor for their bright and clean colors . new to twitter .
it wasn't the same steve francis . . .
i will be there on saturday ! i am thinking of letting the boys be boys on friday but not sure . what about you ?
yes sir ! grew up in mn . lived in nashville and nebraska along the way . .
welcome to twitter gary wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
hey johnny clams wheres the calamar
all crossed ! i'm ignoring john . xoxox snow day
lmao short ass ustream but i love them ( :
awesome things are about to happen in wolman hall !
hi - ankur from baltimore collegetown here . how can i help you ?
who me ? lol
definitely ! they fell apart like a deck of cards . i was so annoyed , i couldnt even speak . lol
3 different guys at the park .
okay , please email me your info , bio , contact # to . looking 4wd to know all about y nicole loves fire !
march had way better temps for riding outside than april! ! how was the run ?
cranberry farms is our lifeblood . makes for some poor office morale in the summer . . .
yea me too . . gimmie some free coffee lol
will you be in chicago next weekend as well ?
i deff agree with u on the ciroc bacardi && smirnoff but not on the hennessy
crash update : kelly and water , westbound traffic on powell backed up to 39th , allow extra time
dammit , i didn't see this until now ! the deadline was yesterday . : (
seriously you as a hetero male can marry/divorce 3 times yet i can not marry the love of my life even once ? #prop8 !
clothes,shoes &accessories are my incentives ! p.s . follow me
i blame all my bladder problems on twitter .
been reading a lot of " highlights " ?
i feel like such an idiot .
lacking knowledge or awareness in general
nets now turn their attention to acquiring eddy curry
now i need to go see at and check out ! :)
#quotes the major difference between the big shot and the little shot is the big shot is just a little shot who kept on shooting .
i understand . important to think about why/why not , and not just jump on bandwagon . . . .
did they play the hellbilly deluxe tour with monster magnet ? i never did get into pm5k . love me some rob zombie , though .
the casey anthony/troy davis comparisons arent needed . . . #rip . ..half of you people probably barely heard about this 20 year old case anyway
lol , so true
we will be playing poker . . . stop by and play a little .
pumped up kicks reminds me so much of summer
in the money . . . 12 players left in omaha 8 or better :)
any super bowl predictions ? . . .
that wuz me silly
i never stay up this late on a school night wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
wahoo same here now i'm not alone
u.s . gross debt at the end of fy2022 : $25.9 trillion .
nice snatch , gameltoe .
thanks for the rt support !
it seems to be all about terroir these past few days--class lectures , student papers & public talks .
i want to see more of those shots from tower tavern !
quick property sale ? hsbc reveal the home improvements which count - marketwatch (press release)
word is lyle lovett coaches just pulled up next to the market .
is it totally giant like the trees ?
all teams draft based on their boards . not mayock or kiper or me or you or anyone . no team has a perfect draft in fans/medias eyes . relax .
haha thank you both ! quite the greeting for sure :)
sorta late . ..night is young !
i hope you enjoyed mandisa's video & you're getting excited about coming out to the show ! i'll be posting the dance very soon , so get ready !
#gcyale " what is censorship " question never dies .
thanks anna ! you and are invited to any future " company outings " (think beer) .
if you're in or around #london uk tomorrow , be sure to visit | they are holding a mainevent to cap off the #rsop 2012 |
#milwaukee rock salt pallet for only $4.99/bag-50lb bags . 49 bags to a pallet and free shipping ! you can't beat that .
oh shut up
bill wins ! experience triumphs over youth
rip to my health
" did you get probed by the rod ? "
music is all i need to keep me . no time for anything else . just got okay with that , lol .
check out our amazing graduate programs . you can earn your masterwordswordswordss degree at in as little as 1y r , while working full-time !
it'd just be so great if all girls were bald all of a sudden . lol
the only way u can sell shots of caffeine for $3 is 2 wrap some well-known vitamins around it and run repeated tv commercials
did you talk about the #volt today ? i heard the last few minutes of the show and pfm (perfect for moms . ..!)
who needs a good clock cleaning ? is your man . wow ! #brewers #astros #gamelsmash !
:) we might have to mix some up in her honor for our bea quarters . . .
tweeting while in the hospital having a baby ? ! that's a little too far with the social media addiction .
my god , someones in love with you lol
i arm myself with advil liquid gels 2 days in advance , otherwise they pack quite a wallop !
never met bry , but i'm a huge tesd fan and think he's and inspiration . tell him his fans wish him well .
how would you blog differently . . . . . . . . i'd start
it's happy hour today 10/28 at cake fetish from 3-4 , everything over a dozen is 1/2 off ! happy halloween !
any1 that knows me would know i operate onn an average 28-35 hrs of sleep a week ! err'week
thank you for the follow ! love you , miss you , and the next time i'm in vegas , we are hanging out ! :)
thanks , dave !
if you treat me right . ill treat you better . anyone that really knows me can vouch to that ! <3 down like 4 flat tires <3
meeting on sunday in la , with a potential client .
yeah , i don't expect the sixers to hang too tight this series .
a little back and forth with his old friends - giants fans in center field - after making a highlight catch
let's do this , brutus ! chicago to orlando boarding . over/under on screaming kids on this flight - 4.5
night morgan ! wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
you asked for more : mod timbo's responses are also insulting : 15-16-348-63658155 no one seriously thinks that at jagex , right ?
got on last flight to dc via standby . scariest flight i've ever been on .
it still does to me #illneverforgetyoupluto !
usually im just having convos with myself saying random things lol .
rip whitney houston
thanksgiving left over turkey sandwiches are excellent !
way to tickle that post out to the internet plush !
hey uhm thanks i guess ? haha
i'm so hoping they do . . . . . . oh my god . i'd flip out .
that's what i'm thinking .
with 70% of votes counted , walker has more votes than all dems combined in 41 counties , while dems have 29 .
sky mall kitties , on the other hand , are the best .
will this slow down netflix dvds ?
great meeting you saturday #diydays . we've got our work cut out for us ! but it's doable !
i wonder what this week has in store for me ! i know i am excited about tomorrow morning! ! !
the deputy is just filthy !
: elvis " that's alright momma "
#nyy #yankees the entire league is watching joe . we are a line up built on home run power (and that's ok) . you don't want to alter the swing
wow!:) i'm so appreciative that you love me on #hartofdixie <3 that means so much to me !
leavin universal studios universal city walk frm movies finally c n thnklikeaman i dnt usually watch movies bt i supprt philly
dogtooth is really good but the arbor is something special . it's like a documentary dennis potter-style .
one of those lovely morning where my body unnaturally decides to rise @ 6am . . . .#coffeetime preppin for my afternoon audition ! !
not if ur willing to share
wordswordswords : i know td is puttin a big smile on the face of wordswordswords
#happymothersday to all women and men celebrating matriarchal sacrifice with
i know anywhere in the uk is'nt there on the list . .but #mahomies here would like you to come to the uk one day ,we loveyou<3
i just did
gonna take a break from the remix's and write some originals ! -3e
i'm looking at an angel ( :
well look at that , i've got a standup routine . time to polish it .
rt : success isnwordswordswordst an event itwordswordswordss a lifestyle .
all of them except for madden . not a fan .
and thanks for following us !
i heart your face , lady .
its my birthday finally
the good news is that we'll still be here when you get back ! first stop :
failure is only the opportunity to begin again , only this time more wisely . -author unknown
tuesday facebook special ! $5 off any purchase of $25 or more !
zomg , what happened ?
if daylight savings were known as " time warp day! " i don't think people would be so mad about it .
riii riii with that nina , got a island on my neck girl i'm
working 3-8 tonight/ : not too excited for work blahh !
i am and you should ! i put big freedia on the mix i made for our discussion on halberstam's in a queer time for cult theory .
great story !
we <3 our customers !
hahaha true story rt : my cousin meg is a genius . the #jaguars are the district 13 of the nfl .
yup , there's still time . . . .just keep an eye out cuz i think they're changing it up , especially since lionsgate is in charge now
having this come up in my superbowl laden feed = the best
impressed with unlv's athleticism last night . they still need to find their rhythm on offense but they should turn some heads this year .
you are an amazing momma to our two boys . happy mothers day . i hope you enjoy your day . love you
that's what you think . .not a grown woman till you pay the bills
gets no more accurate than that !
the fda allows an average of 30 or more insect fragments and one or more rodent hairs per 100 grams of peanut butter .
off to l.a .
you got that right.take back america
a tradition unlike any otherwordswordswords : wonder if jim nantz will get in another subtle , family/wife dig at tiger if phil wins the masters
wait can you actually send me your grammar book ? and then let's go to rio .
the quote is from the track made in america .
and we're off and running on a tuesday .
work on halloween , boo .
from this morning's plenary session : all children , especially those most at risk , have access to effective
the crowdbooster weekly email is some good stuff ! thanks again for the rec
xoxo!!! ! happy valentines day ! love , newmatic
a good healthy friendship is becoming very scarce among childhood friends now a days just like water is very scarce around the world .
we are as different from ourselves as we are from others
that they are ! we have been waiting for our restock for awhile ! we can't wait for them to come in , we're getting a store copy !
lee raine's session is being recorded
*raises eyebrows at you*
whats going on everyone
i love you for introducing this book into my life .
jared and the subways #fatbands -andrew m .
the austin food & wine festival
#ia2011 interrogating the questoin " what is knowledge ? " is an important question for ce worldwide . and what does this mean for graduate ed ?
rt : egyptian maitre d in nyc : " i like your book ! in my country your book is totally banned ! but everyone has read it! "
defending my thesis today ! super nervous! ! !
sadly , still no word or apology from cc :
whereever your mum is , we're sure she's proud of the woman you grew up to be !
i think you forgot cracker barrel and golden corral !
i've been to a few wednesday's and now two sns's in a row . . well worth my money and great family atmosphere . . .
a woman's heart is a deep ocean of secrets
desire to finish school , become a millionaire , travel the world , or to save the lives of millions , if you have passion , you will succeed !
why isn't young forever on itunes ?
#ididnttextyouback cus wth do you say back to " k" . . .
#110 on the ama charts this week!!! ! :) hooray !
i'm sorry , you're just an easy target . lol
been a long day
this is fantastic weather . what's the worst weather you've ever been caught in ?
i have that affect on women . i apologize .
who knew a discussion about sex robots could be so damn funny ? where my pain meds at ? my side hurts fron lmao .
would jesus buy generic or name brand cold medicine ?
hmm . . . today . . or next weekend . . . ur choice . . . :b
i'm at work . . . . i'm guessing he hit a hr
ah ! can't wait to see amezzy in nyc next month ! june 22nd please come faster !
mixtape : checking out new bay area hip hop - kqed
challenge is a dragon with a gift in its mouthwordswordswordstame the dragon and the gift is yours . noela evans
fair enough , lol ! to be honest , 3rd was what everyone was fighting for (ars , che , tott , liv) at the start of the season :-)
rt wordswordswords : had some really bad meat loaf for a late dinner , signing tonette up 4 cooking classes 1st thing in the am.wordswordswords
" there's no way i can pay you back but the plan is to show you that i understand , you are appreciated wordswordswords "
rt if you are going to the wee event!! ! !
it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood !
you got it bad !
why does this fool keep trying to hit me on my face with a basketball , i don't even know him at all !
. .the clippers better not f.ck this up for me .
rt : want to help w/nocc awareness events ? volunteer training & refresher on #ovariancancer facts on 8/15 . contact us for info .
i wonder why some people think they are cool when they look like idiots when they talk i just funny to watch
buy low , sell high
wish i was motivated enough to walk to wawa
it's not only tebow struggling . ..despite the yardage , in the last 8 games willis mcgahee has only scored 1 touchdown .
the one good thing about being old as i am , i can feel so fortunate to have seen freddie mercury and queen back in the day .
lackey looks like he should be on a garbage pail kid card .
i should be asleep right now :o
apparently someone wants to rape my children .
great idea ! :) rt just did some bloodwork , now hitting up for some healthy eats .
i hope hubert davis has taken good care of his money because he's fixing to take a huge pay cut .
these are some very good headphones
cfa fighters please tag us with pictures of your workouts or tweet us we want to show our fans how u guys are gearing up for cfa7
flames to dust lovers to friends why do all good things come to an end . . . been stuck in my head all day
crossing fingers !
your narrator pronounced tom glavine , " gla-vine . " ha . other than that , he's pretty good .
hah i didn't exactly help but you're welcome !
i ate all my snacks :( guess i'ma be taking a early lunch again today .
come on big blue tighten up your defense ! !
really not looking forward to giving a speech in front of my whole english class today .
haha no just normal on screen makeup . but that would be hilarious!! ! !
4 more days of kyle piercing ! don't miss out ! come on down and get pierced say whats up to kyle and get 20% off your jewelry .
not now , but you can text me when i get my cell phone . i just have my home phone now -_-
that kid is good .
making pancakes , steak , eggs and bacon for #brunch this morning with kids .
been too focused on talking smack about jalen rose's questioning predictions , i have to say that i love kurt rambis's predictions .
my daughters are 9 and 10 am i wrong to say that when they are 13 they are getting on birth control ?
we hope you're having a wonderful time ! happy birthday !
comet almost working
layin in bed with my gorgeous puppy( : phone died &im to lazy to go look for my charger.c : skype ?
seriously me too haha
no trash/recycling pick up tomorrow . make up day is saturday . city offices closed friday but we will still be picking up trash & recycling .
i understand your partial to the bruins but the way you defended ference on the hit was despicable .
. real men are . no real man listens to limbaugh . his audience is comprised of cognitively/emotionally-stunted little boys .
flagstaff business news welcomes new advertising partners avenues of the world , pure elegance , aveda-red 115 and simply delicious
just heard the new song and i love it . amazing !
i got your pain buddy .
dear neighbors puppy , you're adorable , but could you please shut up .
right ? makes me want to kill somebody . actually everything makes me want to kill somebody . bad analogy .
#phillies bats coming alive in the 3rd inning . yeah boyeeeeee !
making music with shannon .
is fab and funny ! so glad to have her at cc today
i want to go to college in arizona . wordswordswords
should i put on my tin foil hat ? rt lots of radiowaves ! rt i count 16 satellite/microwve trucks 4 knox arrival
dont miss our crazy party tonight @ tru . feat : daniele tavella ask for chris&dave"s list
there is an art to the conversation (via sm) there is an art to conversation . #140confdm there is a roi 4 good conversations
i miss you so much and i've been so worried about you and nanda . how're you ? i freaking miss you guys ! #iloveyou ! <3
heading into work the weather is perfect , drink specials all night and you can't beat these cheesesteaks
vince is the best what a sweet guy .
you should give me a shout back for wearing your jersey every sunday since you signed with the birds last season !
clipper won!! ! now they play the spurs !
give me the luxuries in life and i will gladly give up the necessities . ~flw
turned tv off as soon as the shaq rap started . made it just in time !
nobody on okc got a chance of guarding mamba . or bynum . or gasol . so it's gonna balance out lol
i think my parents are leaving tonight , thank you jesus ! !
in six months , digital pub meetings have gone from an hour a week of my time to 3-5 hours a day . i guess times have changed .
whiskey in the jar is a great , and versatile , tune . btw its paddy's not patty's ;d
- have a lovely weekend , lovely :)
pm the system we are developing to support #engaging #curriculum is #parent centric . happy to help if we can
going to the cd release for the great went tonight . shannon did the mix for some of the songs on their new cd .
#neversaynever is on instant . sorry i am not sorry !
i think should cut your hair !
i'll get it this weekend !
if you fail to do what you plan . ..then you're planning to fail .
life is all about change . embrace and enjoy .
way to do your part , axman ! lol
thanx #allofme is delight to listen to this morning
. thanks for the retweet !
nba playoffs :p
corp email on my ipad through the good app is great !
bye twitter :)
my manager asked me to make sock puppets . i've done them for fun , but is it bad to do it professionally ?
tweet dreams ! say your prayers !
fall 1 and fall 2 registration is currently open . call us if you need advising ! august 15th will be here before you know it !
when i was young/foolish , i probably visited 100k , maybe . but never even close on aero bars . i like downhills but not that much .
there is nothing wrong with love its a natural feeling of positive emotion
watching hey arnold .
just because its the truth doesn't mean it wont hurt
most annoying thing about google books ? that google refuses to show a " find in a library " link to any text that it also sell as an ebook
if wal-mart is lowering prices every day , why isn't anything in the store is free yet ?
owww . i've only chugged beer pitchers . girl questioned my abilities . i was having none of that .
haha true if you're gonna do it , might as well make some paper with it lol
good afternoon everyone .
talking to others about their beliefs and political views made me re-analize what i believed .
four mile sunrise run on the beach of tel aviv - not a bad way to start the day !
oh hell,yeah . . . .an indie singer from wisconsin just won best new artist of year . hello milwaukee . love you justin bon iver
for sure
thank you - hope everyone is safe and doing well
i agree bluefin is amazing . rt : i've had spamps . bluefin is better , and i'm a sushi snob from my time in california .
what ? ! ? ! really ? ! crazy !
watching women's basketball and listening to #newedition , i'll even admit this is kind of questionable
they serving free arnold palmer in the basement of the detroit public library right now real rap
same here . i also see ones begging for a follow . i thought this was about being conversational , not constant tallies .
thanks for having us ! we had a great time
crew love >
#mw3 sucks balls . sorry everyone .
definitely . ..fb chatter from friends is bad enough , but from a brand it's unacceptable . valuable content is key .
it def wasn't . . . we bust y'all private school ass in high school in every sport if we played y'all . . .
activate our wisdom and gumption 2 harness our spiritual power to set the world right unapologetically for our children
thank ya !
#gympetpeeves girlfriends social hour - you're hear to sweat , not gossip and annoy me .
trey , i was like yo trey , do you think you can buy me a bottle of rosay
have the best time today !
once a month i get this " feeling " that makes me not really want to have kids in the future . . . this week has given me that feeling . ..lol -__-
insecurity will destroy you .
world pasta day ! " as long as there's pasta and chinese food in the world , i'm okay."--michael chang throw in garlic bread and i'm sold . :)
please tell me we are not talking about flowers and trees . .
retweet this please . . .
(correction) we'll have another info session from 10am-12:30pm on wed , 2/23 at kiosk g , jc . free cookie ! !
welp . ..youk it's been a pleasure . middlebrooks is taking your job .
the #mcrib is back . are you stoked and already eaten a dozen . never understand your love of pressed meat .
thanks , we appreciate it !
um where can i see it send a link .
you're welcome ! happy holidays !
oh yeah you right i am gay " full of happiness " lmao
standing with 100 friends in the driveway waiting for the rabbi
yep . also , i know that without a sketch-to-wireframe guide , it's easy for me to dawdle on details in prototypes .
please give a shoutout<3 and follow wordswordswordswordswordswords
male ceo's or female ceo's ? rt are publicly traded company ceos paid too much ? a large majority of readers think so .
wordswordswords god bless america wordswordswords
some people need to remember family comes first before anything else . dont get it twisted !
#freeeadave please rt!! ! get it trending!! ! show some love<3
rt : another wonderful #latfob comes to a close ! congratulations , , it's officially cake time . // maret rocks !
i don't feel good at all right now :/
waiting paid off ! the price for tickets to phl -> jax dropped back down near $200 again . i <3 southwest .
a 6 flags trip needs to happen really soon and idc who with i wanna feel free in the air . if i could , i'd go everyday wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
#nowplaying jamie foxx-can i take you home
the background on your page is fierce !
thanks u too! ! :d nighty night! ! !
if you are not willing to promote yourself , how do you expect others to promote you .
ok , here's the deal : we aren't a great team but neither are the raiders . so i predict we're gonna kick their ass .
if you aren't in the meetup you are missing some html5 awesomeness from right now .
#iphone for christmas , yes please :)<3
de regreso a twitter
told my teenage son,"i had social networking when i was a kid , too . i think back then it was called " outside . "
can't wait to get to the united center for / game 2 tonight . first ever playoff game for the team i grew up idolizing .
if bowlen's here . ..money is the discussion
milk . . wasn't that a dem policy ?
i got the new rolling stone and they just have a small write up on the beastie boys mca adam yauch death . not even a mention on the front ?
napoleon , don't be jealous that i've been chatting online with babes all day . besides , we both know that i'm training to be a cage fighter .
catch on cnn early start giving an overview of the iowa caucus results
guys who are good with kids >>> makes them like x10 hotter .
i haven't seen in years either!!! ! !
yessirrt : great rehearsal w/ my bro d.read
isaan ? oh never heard of it . . .
excellent , will try it tmoro . thanks for the recommendation
lean like a cholo rt" : elbows up , side to side "
yeah , you should chill out . you get good reviews by the right people . that's what matters . :)
rt somebody out there knows this man and justice is coming ! bit.ly/onycwb
run errands and have fun - lunch out while running errands is fun !
easy cover for baylor . ..this line should shoot to -10 quickly . too athletic and dominate the boards . should name the score .
win cash & books ! twitter party may 8-&gt ; 8 p.m . est follow #untilnexttime as author amy lignor answers your ? ' s live on twitter .
mistake by kennedy and portland scores .
nice , where do u live these days ?
sorry . wasnt referring to name of prop , but value passed . not a big deal . no worries .
rt : dont cry in your beer , you'll just be watering it down . . .
el tiburon is keeping me awake . no pares , sigue , sigue . chocolate !
the plan was going at it alone lol that's my me time . somebody always need something
good luck ! !
most definitely ! rt : if you are at #techbash11 say hi to !
yea we were pretty excited as well ! happy holidays !
there's something really comforting about " i know how you are " when it's delivered by the right person at the right time .
hahah true . im gonna go to canada this year
i didn't see you . ?
thank god- the day is clearing up
come stop by and try our colts blue lemonade as part of colts fan appreciation day at
hey how awesome would it be if billy joel heard about this & covered 1 of your songs ? ! i vote for ' someone to fall back on ' !
we've definitely encountered this before , incredibly insightful .
flipping my lights on and off when listening to skrillex is normal right . . .
it was summer just the other day , but costco is already selling fake christmas trees . i feel rushed .
get gortat out of here ! !
just had to redo what i hired the conniving contractor from odesk to do . took me 1 hr . he billed me for 37.5 hrs . and it wasnt done .
1-800-printing for business cards , postcards , flyers , posters and more . . . .
winterwordswordswordss over , summer has yet to begin , and the weather is all over the place . never fear , hot or iced , we have your perfect espresso drink !
hey . i'm tryin to eat dinner and you guys put the dummy w the dolls on
neal is going to sign the first 200 instead of 100 as a thank you for waiting . we will have new plans for future special offers !
anyone know of a good html email blast tutorial ?
go debi ! you tell her ! hannah is an amazing dancer and she always will be
yup . rt : is anyone else having trouble shortening links in hootsuite ?
happy spring !
dear haters , i know everyone has there opinion but seriously why can't you keep it to yourself for a change -.-
read dmacs timeline he just addressed it
do you know if there are any uk sites that will stream the match on saturday ?
omfg 1 minute ah #boyzareback omg i can't my emotions! ! !
i actually make an effort and you don't even care .
love your avi specially bcs i know the story of that location cute .
we have to stop the american dream from just being a dream . the injustices done to the middle class must end .
always on the lookout for blogs and pieces to uplift teacher morale . feel free to send me your recs . :)
this a good game
hm . not exactly that . ..she and i became friends during the shoot , as happens on a film set . who is ' so many of you ' ?
alterra or starbucks ? that is the question .
thanks for the support! ! !
welcome back #ucf #graduate students - first day of summer a & c classes . hope everyone enjoyed their break !
rt : hey everyone ! if you haven't yet , get your tickets to the 7/12/2011 football fundraiser by ! !
eos volkswagen used used vw eos sport car for sale - 145 . . .
i like that . no disagreeing with that , if you can make it work . collection point is a nice idea to aggregate work .
you know you're drunk when you slur your speech on your head .
simply o simply o simply o
that's good( : and no problem.( : <3
the text my best friend just sent me <><><><>
i'm crying ! they won ! :d
still . come , come
summer nights come at me .
unfortunately , internet authority is from having one of the top two slots on google . a reputable brand isn't enough .
text me lol , i'm confused as to what is going on .
chillin in peoria wanting to do something
the menu is changing a growlers of gaithersburg . had a taste of a tart raspberry trippel last night . due out soon .
lol it wasn't me it was you !
i don't think anyone should be locked in except past champions :)
when pretty people call me pretty . c :
watching the canadian tenors perform they r good
if it's later tonight at red door , then i am game .
dinner time . super excited for our cannes young lions ad competition shoot over the next two days ! !
to much stuff should of been here
this week we are discussing arbitration and mediation on the dewitt law review on am 580 wdbo . call us with your questions at 1800-329-5858
thomas kinkade , popular painter , devout christian & lover of god has died , at the age of 54 . peacefully at rest , walking alongside christ .
" stone in a sling-a soldier's journey, " is now available at the faith assembly book store . -sam
i'm packing my bag and coming over
his mixtape dropped at 2:15 and too many people was ttryna download
or maybe just smile at the next person you see , it is the little things in life that matter .
also , can we talk the 4th ? because i'm unclear as to which days/weeks to talk off !
friday night , my head hurts , time for an ipa2 .
rondo needs to have a big game . and avery bradley is going to have to step it up tonight too with ray ray out .
ma why can't ur tweets be rt ?
i'll be glad when they finish our parking lot at work ! it stinks , it's messy & i have to park in bfe! ! grrr
of coarse he cant . . i knew this would happen .
why you gotta be a jerk like that ?
to err is to bunt . rt bases loaded again . what can we do this time ?
thanks for the mention on your article . please add frank cammarata , who was my scene partner (north end , boston)
i am enjoying the last few days of my summer break by sleeping in and reading a lot :)
and that night is still clear as day<3
free nutritional seminar this wed w/ ! email or call 212-593-3278 to rsvp
lol . takes one to know one . jerk .
too typical haha glad you found it just as funny as me
sexy halloween costumes for women,adult halloween costumes sexy halloween costumes for women,adult halloween costumes
it's a damn shame
pot brownies for breakfast :d
why do i get this feeling at times ? not cool .
those who are following my tweets & other info should know that i have been going through some rather difficult times lately .
thanks for following me :) how are you girl ?
i hope you are not referring to for yourself because he is mine .
thanks we appreciatte the feedback :)
i just bought $600 shoes . for $60 . fred segal sale . go .
im just saying !
am i missing something . ..why did about 18 spamming twitter accounts just start following me ?
my moms like can u move i said barely and she's like well it's not broken but i maser her go get me a finger splint
i spent 1/3 of my check already on pizza & paying my phone bill . . in less than an hour . smh
hm . ..and i was just starting to think you were a good person! . ..lol
welp yeah lowkey that's what i wanted you to do . :) so its a deal ?
the officiating during all of the #nhl playoff games has been a w f u l !
nice job and on presenting at the #emac capstone presentations !
i think it would be very interesting to invite actual teens to come to any training for libraries that is about teens & ask them to comment .
hahah the whole lakers bench is up except for bynum , he's real heated and m.brown
video : mike allen , evan thomas talk politicos ' inside the circus ' - politico
southern ivy sale for foxfeld races i expect to see our minutemen there ! !
#2 if you know of a spot that shows a weird , cool mashup of odd juxtapostions , can you email us a photo to us ?
thanks to chris payne & mobfest founder roger jansen for plugging us on friday 06/24 @ the hard rock hotel
could u please help us to trend #switzerlandwantsbiebsback ?
springsteen for president !
i was driving to school when i read it so i couldn't really comment or else i'd probably crash . . .
you went back with that one,but that's when love songs were about romance .
beth is cool dog nice love ya both from oklahoma
nothing to do tonight , dm for the number ?
there is no truth to the rumor that chase has eliminated grey poupon ; you just have to ask for it & pinky swear you're against regulators
me too ! but even if she doesn't get first place she's gonna be successful no matter what . she's all set .
i'll check that date and get back to you . thanks !
does anyone else want to get registered to vote with me ?
is there any better music to shovel to than snow patrol ?
definitely . and haha aww . i would have been very happy to get a pred . now i want to keep looking for one lol .
join us for lunch @ one up elevated lounge! ! !
6+ fashion designers .
us economy adds more jobs than forecast in september.the us economy added 103,000 jobs in september,ahead of many economists ' expectations
this classroom is so quiet & the rain is so soothing :) whaddup naptime !
twin peaks was still a wonderful sight , especially the couple making out in the car . san francisco bay area photographer napa wedding
the journey of a thousand miles begins with a broken fan belt and a leaky tire .
listening to them now ! the janes addiction show ? ! ? ! how was it ?
i love you so much and i hope that #someday u will notice me and follow me
thanks ! retouched images from the shoot just made it to my computer .
shooting the past - bbc film . nts
i'm liking this whole getting called for interviews thing ! making me feel much better about life after graduation !
appears to be lack of training to me . social media reps are pr front line . didn't even know that caps are yelling ? epic fail .
almost 160 1 more person we can do it ! ~ashley
drinkin champagne on the airplane
zed's dead baby , zed's dead . .
the parts suppliers were making material according to specs , for example . there are a number of ancillary . . .
going to see the dictator at midnight
thanks for following :)
tired , it must be almost 2:00 naptime , there must be a doughnut out there with my name on it . sunshine would be nice pia .
thanks for the rt :)
only if amc stubs gave me points for all the advanced screenings i attend there ! haha .
i got 1,828,295 points while escaping from demon monkeys in temple run . . . catchin up
#teambreezy follow me ill follow back
time to go workout ! beefcake !
yo ! i'm in class with no proctor wtf ? ! it's 30 min . bout to dip haha
if i was demi , omfg . i would have been crying .
skatin ' every day this week . album disaster put me in holding pattern for at least a month . hit me up if u want to skate journey this week .
rt : to celebrate cinco de mayo i am going to do my eyeshadow red , white , and green like the paisa girls
lou williams has never known the time and score of any game he's ever played in
wow where are you playing ? i wanna come make 8k real quick . . .
like mckie my amigos say rodman best ever .
we were so worried about you .
tonight's talk will focus on american pop culture (with the noticeable exception of emma peel.)
river monsters
thanks for checking it out! ! !
today at 2pm et we'll share factoids from our curator tour of #fireiceexhibit on the hindenburg disaster . ask us your questions !
agree . the sunglasses especially . why put them on inside , and then pull them down when you want to see something ? lame .
tonight on www.fccfreeradio.com at 8:15 its on the couch with dr brian . . . . submit your questions now and ill answer them on the air .
happy wednesday ! hope your smiling today wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords . rt me or follow me
how dimaggio and mike piazza had one thing in common , they both married playboy playmates .
yes , it's a good thing . :)
" i gave her my heart and she gave me a pen . "
i'd still take bad advice from my best friends
i should jst let go of tht dream of me & u being together but again i dont kno if i can
where's my shot at love with tila tequila ? !
need a beat from one day
just got brought onboard to edit a short comedy . looks like its gonna be a lot of fun , really excited !
holla @ me when u get a chance bro , i dont got the number
he is a frequent lecturer at mit and harvard business school
but . ..you made it . that's what is key . you brought something new into the world
i'm one of the top commenters in shane's vlog
stream back on . thanks .
and killed it tonight in chicago ! great job guys !
delegate sm tasks to your teachers or practice members so everyone is invested .
loaded our $19.99 rack with all sorts of goodies ! receive amazing savings on zutano & kissy kissy layette !
fastest tweeter in town rt : storm fumble . . . 1st down command . . .
great . .a ginger movie
pweeeaaasssseeee follow and tweet me! ! !
oh thanks for sharing this !
city draws first blood . now the game begins . 2nd half will be epic !
good point but for me it's only 24 years
will be flashing some goods to beer-con attendants at tap haven . register now !
new follower #shoutout ! , , , , and thanks for following us !
time to do some sit-ups/cruches/planks !
its on ur time i see
just treat me like every other guy does . it's cool i guess . not like i thought you'd be different or anything . . . .
happy to have some new products on the shelf . ..cheers !
wishing i was at #playlistlive in orlando right now visiting ! ! :(
manufacturer liquidation- kyocera full color copier , printer , scanner & fax 65% off retail . only 3 left , call 303-407-3217 for details
anyone wanna pre meet for illfest ?
i use powerpoint because it's what i'm used to . ..we've been trying to convert over to keynote because we're so mac centric
or maybe even holiday - madonna . :)
why do conservative conferences always involve cruise to caribbean ? sounds like elder hostel tour . give me buenos aires or fez .
citations for english papers <
a4 : yes , and it has to be 10% of grade . that's changing next year as we move to ccss .
some people have lives , & some people have lady gaga .
r u going to spin tmrw ?
one man with courage makes a majority . . . .
people always think i woke up like 5 minutes ago
i'll be around at some point in the summer . sup ?
this urban crust place is 3 stories and there's a bar at the top !! ! and they serve pizza
five minutes later . ..still watching baker cat
rt : beam divine love to japan & seeing the whole nation engulfed in healing light . it works .
esky , falu and humby coming up for the royals
i wonder if we can get some investors together to buy the flaming lips " blood " albums and clone 4x to make a pop supergroup .
wordswordswords no degree of dullness can safeguard a work against the determination of critics to find it fascinating . harold rosenberg
just ran into another friend haven't seen in a while at the bus stop on minnesota and pennsylvania . ave s
meet our staff ! rt : [ . ..] which part ? cuz like my tongue is always horizontal .
#ff the whip-smart t'ster , who , come monday , will be at ! good luck , sarah ! we'll miss you !
first practice w/the roxy suicide sounded great , real tight immediately . easy , though , when learning a buncha ramones songs . . . .
hear my prayer god give ear to the words of my mouth psalms 54:2 .
finally bought a kindle!!!! ! !
atl's been rained out since saturday with no end n site . overcast right now . more rain on it's way .
haha take me with you lol
every square inch of this plane is occupied . every .
hey our buddy got your npr interview posted up online . good stuff !
mawordswordsana a las 10 pm est mi show " salsa es lo que hay " .
man u know wat i have not had in a min , some bbq
worst cities for traffic where i have been : bangkok , mumbai , bangalore , dhaka . la not even close .
i hope #someday will notice me , i have been trying for 2 years . . #neversaynever #makemylife 10
already have been to one doctor today now on to the next one . .lovely !
| nice seeing you today . . . hope your guard wasn't up then . lol . keep smiling . . . i like that better
very excited to have my first day of work in the new office tomorrow !
rt : rt : when our praises go up , his blessings come down #tworship amen !
i'll probably be sick that entire weekend . . . . . . . . . .
" what av products can i use ? " think i'm going to find out at
this conference call needs to end for the most urgent of reasons .
wordswordswords : cause someday i might know my heart know my heart know my heart . <3wordswordswords wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
#hawaii has offered maryland 2014 safety kobie walker , joining the #badgers and #ncstate . talk about a fun official visit (minus the flight)
you stupid .
8 mile run with a cold but no asthma attack !
and i'm talking bout a professional job , not cutting grass or some other landscaping job
we bread winner grinding right now the next move will be epic
gathering items for the bake sale! ! !
easter is here and i am forgiven . but have a feeling like i am going to need more then that soon . it is good he is here .
started recording tonight with vandarth . dan did awesome .
okayy here it goes . . . will you please be my date too homecoming ? ( :
haha no worries . ..i'll spare you the lashes . i was confused when you said our teams .
welp that final didn't go to well . . .
how many dreams before ' til it's considered fate ? i'm eating in a world where i'm considered bait .
there is some irony in seeing people tweet advice they should listen to themselves! ! i swear i was just about to tell you the same thing !
i barely are you at school ! & you don't have a phone ! o.e
agreed rt : rt : cost is the biggest hurdle to healthcare
i hope cotto rocks floyd mayweather tonight .
i'm asleep .
old alcoholics are the funniest
we've been writing some killer new tunes ! cant wait 2 share them with you ! visit our .com & join our mailing list so we can connect with u !
popeyes chicken hit the spot !
just got off the phone with one of the doobie brothers . no big deal .
sorry for the typo . its the apr 8 game . winner will be announced today !
but if u buy one every week its like getting it done anyway
have had this sentiment since arod became yank : why , every step+every move , does he look like he is trying to be cool ?
yeah ! maybe
wtf do i feel so pretty rite now ? ! ? ! ?
because of that , i didn't have time to eat breakfast , and i had to stop and get gas , so i got gas station coffee (ick!) and mini donuts . 2/2
training back to back sessions hungover . this'll be interesting .
ask " why did the offense slow the tempo when it was 1st and goal from the 2 ? " momentum totally changed at that point .
my day was ruined : /
clare coleman : feds pay 90% of family planning health care including contraception , they do not pay 90% for pediatric care .
i can't wait for these fights ! !
rt : please don't distract me from work guys :) cool group || ha get to work coming up w/ #signs4sanity slogans
the best part about that reveal is that everyone was convinced noel was going georgetown . oh , and the hair .
i don't fit in with any of this and i don't think we're the same .
believed it or not , i actually tweet too .
how else would they command fear at their night jobswordswordswordsrunning s&m clubs ?
danny o is just another link in the chain between you and madison . come home this fall !
in reality yes but if you watch me its like wow
for lunch try our : jumbo lump crab cake , cashew chimichurri , zucchini ribbons , bergamot , dill aioli
maybe it's time to forget about the past , i can't wait for summer ' 12! ! it's gonna be easier to when i dont see you everyday . . . .
william shakespeare
think you know jonas ? #alwaysajonasfan quiz the experts on jonas
good morning <3
i use to want u and her<--and her-->and her--> but now all i want is you o_o
i am sure you will find something soon !
black ppl know how to have fun !
bwahaha ! rt : and keeping me from a cocktail is #storymark . . . pictures with voice
classic gate 35 . find comfort in knowing your experience is the norm . . . ?
" : so excited for april 5th for concert ((: " so are we ! see you there ! ;)
watch " inside the nfl " tonight , dec . 22 , for a segment on fantasy webseries featuring our own hot tub sleeper picks ! (9pm et/pt)
playing iterated prisoner dilemma with the ghosts of the the actors who played darrin on " bewitched" . dick york is in ghost jail forever .
food facts ! if you are cold you are more likely to be hungry because you use energy to keep warm .
listening to lena dunham on fresh air . i've made the switch and really dig her now , just sick of the overkill .
cm punk vs edge vs orton . who would win ?
yup , at the end of the day , family is what is always there for you (and family-like friends) .
*shakes magic 8 ball* reads : " signs point to yes "
thank you for all your support and amazing gardens !
help people do what they already want to do - bj fogg
toothbrush express offers great prices on dr . fresh replacement brush heads and most oral care products .
miseducation of the negro by the negros . degrees laced but you're no hero . children illiterate w/perfect attendance . start eager end menace .
another warm january night . quite different from last year's snowstorm . come out & grab a fruit smoothie & our 50% off deal on all t-shirts !
this is hilarious . so funny , in fact , that i think i'll print it and take it to my red headed bff who i am about to meet up with !
that's so cute
hoping the weather holds out for the engagement session today !
well , thanks ! we'll see if i still have it by june , when i'll be passing through chicago again . another juice bar meet-up ?
also legs on shoulders really good one just lay back , minus the giz in the belly button though lol
or guys text you that you haven't talked to in years & want to meet up . :)
lol i want whit my dad to look at scarp
i swear i think i have split personalities sometimes . its not easy being a gemini .
good luck with that ! lol
wouldnt it be great if there is a real superhero in singapore.where ever you go , no worries because he will always be there for you.haha .
her kinda-sorta cherokee indian has me saying foul . :)
how to reduce violence in #mexico ? hm . . .
glad to hear that you are doing well ! doing well . working hard with the tax deadline coming up ! i saw you are in glamour . . .
mimicing my teacher makes her happy lmao especially in french !
you don't even know what it is . call ray tomorrow , he need help paying for his .
yep i was w my friend who works for kind bars !
was your capper telling you to bet on a dog in ukraine soccer today ? i think not,winning starts soon in soccer . .
dah ! why am i awake already ! and why is that abominable #ladyantebellum song stuck in my head ?
today at 10 a.m . , celebrate the groundbreaking of a eugene/springfield home at 3662 yogi way , lot no . 4 , eugene . . . .
teams , communities spend years forging a stadium deal . then the legislature comes in and changes everything . as in minnesota for vikes .
the 4c collective studio is in full effect! ! planning , writing , freestylin , praying , having a good time doing kingdom music!! ! #mspmondays ! !
:d xo
im on the bus and i want to puke ughnot to sound snoty but this isnt fun i thought it would be but it isnt =d
kill procrastination by finding inspiration--you won't want to procrastinate if you're passionate .
lol . that's fine man i do it to . and everyone follow this guy that has the carlton dance gif for his avi that is badass! ! !
people should get married , and let me sing at their weddings .
- thanks for the follow
sending " legs get led astray " to you , first thing tomorrow !
he is single . hope you like kids .
oh good lord , just reading the description makes me tear up . i'm a total lightweight . . .
cool--can see it from tower cam now . thx for heads up ! : double rainbow in nopo #pdxtst :)
and did i mention i'm in miami shooting a commercial for orbitz ? yup . i am ! !
ha - trick question ! you can't find healthy eats at usair dca !
kids 17 and under can sail free on selected 3-4 night disney cruises !
lol its what ric flair would say to the groupies back in the day . " you don't have to be in florida to ride space mountain" . lmao
yeh , i'll get on your jet ski with you !
praying for you !
i never knew how much i loved yooh( :
see you soon! ! can't wait to meet jack !
you won't find it until i want you to find it .
you're so funny lmfaooo( :
dinner gonna be a struggle . . .
lesson 1 : don't send kids up lifts to battle 40 mph winds .
today 1898 : golda meir born in russia . in 1906 they came to milwaukee . she graduated from the milwaukee normal school (now uwm) .
i love my mom so much she's really the greatest and is always there for me and she's just hilarious . <3 #happymothersday :)
only if her name is hannah .
a true man passed away today rip #dickclark , my thoughts and prayers go out to the family
: technically , it's his third . there was an awful ali g movie that predates borat .
#letsstaytogether it reminds me of a song called " stay here forever " from jewel kilcher , her songs are my style .
i felt the same way . loved seeing it on the big screen , liked how 1st person narrative became a movie , but not sure of changes !
praying for the families affected from this weekend's horrible car crash in fond du lac county . my heart breaks for them .
director thomas jones of macon : talk to your staff members , from the bottom up , as a new director
that's an annoying one i promise !
drive safe everyone !
now if we can only get a copy to flotus ! rt 5 of 5 stars is right ! beautiful book from rene and
i've only been awake for 30 mins and ' s show already has me tearing up
why drink and drive when you can ride and survive ? book your next celebration aboard the okc party bus and have the time of your life !
good point . and to think i was alone on this issue .
is beautiful
if the business defines the person , then the tough decisions get even tougher .
no celebratory purpose at all other than the owners wanted to bbq , drink , and have fun with public . that's how they roll .
wateva it is,u deserve it . ..cool
who's your pick ? lakers or celtics ?
i know . sheesh .
where are you going ?
have worn lens for 10 years . went to the eye doctor yesterday . said i have 20/15 right eye 20/20 left . no need to correct .
sweet , #filive looks awesome ! enjoy !
live jazz with joe marillo from 7 to 9pm tonight !
happy thanksgiving everyone , may we have a reason to be thankful everyday of our lives . :)
i like it .
omfg robot chicken has me dying! ! this is martha! ! lmao
hahaha ! i mean #archesnationalpark - see disclaimer in profile ! rt on my to do list : #arches np
going for a run .
hello new followers and customers ! so glad to have the support ! thank you !
grand slam !
walk outside ! its
pure physical sensation,social status , sexual attraction , feeling like a winner are generally superficial,people hunger for them repeatedly
is also accepting nicknames for ms . royle !
i'm gonna work on you , until you're feeling right .
happy birthday to me!!!!! ! hehehe
you can do as you please
forward me the link to that !
just when i thought i've seen it all . . .
" belief in oneself is one of the most important bricks in building any successful venture " ~ via lydia m child
no track today so happywordswordswords
i'm rolling out some new features but i won't throwing a huge launch party or anything . that's only for vc funded companies .
we are lucky they don't have chain nets!!! ! !
happy 20th boulevard brewery .
marvin's room is the story of my life except the naked pics part hahahahha
just found out that tubing in va & wv requires that you wear a life preserver . wtf ? that's what the tube is for! ! !
nice to e-meet you and look forward to your tweet wisdom !
i've written the first act of another play while sitting here .
c'mon twitter loves( : follow me so i can beat out ' s 184 follow count . #teamfollowback #followback go!( :
hey , are you guys down ? i've been having problems accessing your website ? i can ping it , but can't see it in browser .
oh god ! ! it doesnt look like you :p love ya ! ! wordswordswordswordswordswords
rt : #myfoxboston & did a feature on my blind student that does bjj ! at 10pm
leave her alone . . . .
does jordan still have a girlfriend ?
i thought today's twitter 101 session was : inspiring and enlightening . i already have ideas to apply when i get home . sweet !
try to be the sail in someone's boat and not the anchor . anchors are nothing but dead weight anyway .
everyone doesn't deserve a front row seat in ur
thanks for the shout out ! glad u like out tees! ! !
" but . . . but . . . i bought you lobster! " (#dareproject chatter)
rt : im at 21st and alberta setting up for #lastthursday! ! i have zombie bunnies ! hope to see you there !
really wish i can take all of this back .
cal offered to play every year at lucas oil . . . 50,000 fans 50/50 how is that not great ? large venues =
nice job yesterday ! fave session , thanks !
ok my phone is being a #badass . . . lol it dont want to come on and work
is now is the right time for you to refi or buy ? we can help you find out . call mountain trust mortgage services today at (858) 376-1299 .
like seriously go watch the steelers game at home so then i can go home . . .
but lady really even says that ? and what freak really cares ?
killed that ova . . . .oms . !
where do you travels take you this weekend max ?
for monet to say
gotta love early morning baseball .
that would be amazing ! we will definitely be keeping in touch . <3
i'm sure my bank acct appreciates you sharing pics , as it keeps me from buying stuff . if sked permits , want to drop by to say hi
i liked you and on that 2012 joint ! raise the level of consciousness . . .
at #insisterhood with pat ulbrich . project you need know about !
awk . this one milf is pole dancing at bebe . she's nipping hard .
happy chinese new year&lunar new year2those that celebrate it!remember what u do/act today is an indication4da fate of ur year,if u believe
hey , thanks for the follow !
aahhhhhhh <3 second best thing of tonight wordswordswords i'm so happy boo ' !
rt : : " 2 biggest challenges to sustainability : inappropriate certainty ; and conventional wisdom "
everyone could use more patience .
hope it's a great night tonight--every lineup you've had has been pretty exciting .
damn dude . for real rob . grow up man . u think ur funny but it's just immature as hell
lol and u right !
" steeler of best friend! "
following done
great abs vid on google+ ! !
real live preacher~ when you really trust someone you have to be okay with not understanding some things .
that sounds like find :-)
yes , meat-eaters . you're crazy about bacon . we get it .
oh good ! we hoped that you would get it today !
i'm not getting any replies , so dm me or email via www.lisabmusic.com if you want to say hello . hello !
double . eagle .
wake up
thanks for the rt , we are excited to see lots of moms on sunday !
looks like fun !
listening to wtf podcast and working on ux design . good day ?
we need new children's sneakers sizes 1-7 for thursday's
i want to listen to this song but i fear it will soon be played out
check out new exhibit #crossroads at nu's gallery 360 now through june 1st !
hopping in the showers .
stuffing my mouth with nachos with :)
anna sui #nyc sample sale is indeed pretty sweet :)
pshh iwish( ; wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords rt : why are you chewing gum in class ? ! chill . it's gum . not cocaine .
finally done w/ macbeth stuff for now . . . on to decorating a cake for bio , japanese & more studying . . . late night again ? i think yes . . . . =p
i take issue with the outlets that promote that lane more heavy handedly than another lane than with the artists who create
did i miss your birthday ?
enjoy ! let us know what you think !
sorry you have to show me
gah ! streaming audio is like trying to pour ketchup with tapioca pearls in it . my kingdom for automatic transcription software .
baby ima meet ya half way cause i know ya wanna see meeh
i agree that competition makes systems better , but i was just happy about where is now .
" into your hands i commit my spirit . " (luke 23:46) his work done , jesus dies safe in god's hands .
txt me punk !
thanks for the #ff !
want ta go to the game tommorow !
i love deathnote! ! !
#20thingsaboutme i love going thrifting( : one of a kind stuff right there . judge me . haha
sale 1.00 ct round diamond vintage curve engagement pave engagement wedding ring
you're very welcome<3 :)
how can u make f1 so boring ? !
more #richmond like winter temps to arrive for the weekend .
it's the perfect day for the water park ! which is your favorite ? swirly prefers cause he can cool off and play mini golf !
get me something plz! ! lol :) : i could really go for some wendy's right now
lol does anyone else remember the band metro station ?
we the best
we have free tickets to our all ages show at the house of blues on september 5th . direct message us to get yours now !
( : then you'll get a perfect gift who's your favorite mb member
may the 4th be with you
yes , let's do it ! commonplace at 10 ? or something later ?
i don't know if lexington will make it through this . for real .
its rob (stand by me , when harry met sally) reiner's latest movie ; a coming-of-age drama set in the ' 60s .
is the map online ? would love to see it .
you need to change your twitter avatar bro !
according to new update on " today's conservative target date for the forums to come back is may 12th . "
use research guides to find help with subject specific research , class assignments , writing and presentation , and other aspects of the . . .
summer nights are the best
i also believe " scouts " said peyton manning was selfish and not as good as advertised
that's a good look homie . . u still chyning puto ! congrats !
hey you won't believe it but my work tweet account is followed by adama himself edwards j olmos :)
hey youre beautiful :3 can i please get a follow please ! i love you . please make my dream come true ! !
good thinking there sandy, . . . . good thinking .
i learned something jus now that'll put females in their damn place .
i'm learning from men/women but trusting from the father .
yeah she meant to say " less dumber "
im in 10th grade:) you ?
i didn't know that stephen merchant does a voice for portal 2
my mom would be disappointed . .
was it ? i was thinking about going
we've got the halas , now it's off to dallas . congratulations nfc champion green bay packers !
if you do not say it , they can't repeat it .
way to start out summer 2012 ? getting picked up at applebees with
thought for today : " be light about it" , what does this mean for you ? if you're willing to take this on , how might that affect your today ?
good morning my loves <3
wake n brew -_____- (wake up and make coffee like a boss)
sup ginge . your adventures in canada have gone on long enough
what is your favorite spring salad ?
forgot that #parenthood was on last night . ..thank you dvr for recording ! !
i've been using namecheap . they're good and you can find discount codes by googling
damn right .
if i was anthony kedis , i'd be dead already . you're welcome .
we're apparently now part of a family of ducks migratory pattern . . . haven't seen them in 6 months and they were waiting at our door ; )
what's up man ? get in touch i need to talk -b
literally running around my apartment to get this cleaning and packing done in time .
good morning ! :-)
getting excited for the newest to open in connecticut at the end of this month ! !
i'm watching it on youtube . i haven't seen no direction home . been meaning to though . heard good things .
special president's day treat at 57th st : buy a couple of kids books and get a copy of obama's picture book of thee i sing for free !
a tornado flew around my room before you came . excuse the mess it made .
headed out .
black guy sup with the white guy he ok need him to tweet ! pats fan
anyone have the link for
me too
bro , you need to go 2 this : rt state of the re:union live - coming to #baltimore this month !
next up is marian april glebes , aka , on self , objects , institutions , and individuals .
check out hot afrocuban-rumba-salsa classes . learn to dance , have fun and get a great cardio workout! ! !
justin is gonna be an amazing father in the future( : i can already tell
you better belive it . the worlds smallest !
wow ! you deserve it ! my definition of an awesome week would be to co-star on your show . ..emt perhaps ?
that cause you got it like that :)
ouch ! i just layed my hand down on my very hot curling iron ! pain .
" i know god will not give me anything i can't handle . i just wish that he didn't trust me so much . "
rt : i dont go shopping . i go buying . if you have to try it on , then you dont want it
tayler lofquist () everything tasted great- my only regret was that it stopped at two plates ! ;-)
you are beyond gorgeous and have an incredible voice . thanks for following me . ( :
thanks friend!!---wordswordswords : have fun in my favorite city this weekend . walk the high line!wordswordswords
likes the awkward moment when everyone is singing in the car , stops , then sings again .
is down for me ?
damn since when did you start sleeping thru the nights ?
there is a beautiful parallelism between the condition of woman in her domestic life and the character of a nation . (1850)
check us out were taking the entire midwest by storm !
cup : walmart on jeff gordon's car ?
typing this with my middle finger .
only so much earnestness i can handle at 6am . #ff my faves with an edge
are we sure this cant happen after game 1 ?
diet reminders : your body needs 700g of calcium a day . the average person does not get this .
morning all:))
following everyone back !
wtffffffffff how do you have so many followers . . . . .
. can we count on your vote #nov8 to help us get a #vagop majority in the virginia senate ? we're only two seats away !
truth be told , someone lost the cat fight . . but it was not anyone from a state the rhymes with " sississippi "
prepare to get hurt and mangled like kurt angle
ah . here goes my first final .
herrooo ? u check ma facebook ? and yes . . i have no life and a big arse . . faaaack
rare exports : a christmas tale has officially been added to my list of holiday must watch movies . . yes that list is messed up , but i love it
i would love you the most if you started listing distribution channels on content pages
mark , you are very welcome . i am looking forward to learning more about you and reading your tweets ! have a great weekend .
yeah . . . *sighs* i do remember having a acct for you too . . . tysangel or something . *shrugs*
more changes coming to the events pages today . . . .stay tuned .
waitn for my membership to be paid still . hm
just delivered a car filled with food to a pantry in north east philadelphia .
thanks for the follow ! let me know if you want me to write a product review or a giveaway on my blog !
rainy days suck . . .
some country music this morning to sooth my soul
bears and pizza and rock and roll
that's actually a great idea -- screen out guys by how they visit a museum . too funny that you notice though .
to the yankees with my yankee-loving boys . i just want an exciting game , a good look at nova -- & a steak sandwich .
:) thx alot m8 and i thought u had to receive an email inviting u lol thxs again :)
look at me noww
no hands rt : thought i sobered up last nt but i just got out the salon chair & stumbled . #imamess still the #bdayprincess wordswordswords
next year for sure!!!! ! . . thanks for being a #ufl and #nighthawks supporter !
eyes are tired from staring at computer , time for diner and a movie
tgif ! who is ready for the weekend ?
we want a season 3 of #breakoutkings please !
psychoanalytic psychology meets mantis mating : eating mates ' head a castration analogue ?
just seen a cold ass pass in soccer
yeah i know i'm like paranoic with this because my cousin's friend was kidnapped because she was chatting with someone
and yet the parents of those adopted children cannot commit to each other before the state . shameful .
interesting . thanks for sharing .
you are the vine and we are the branches , nourish and grow us in you . ~rt
working at bts exhibit at transportation research board conference all day .
dont worry bout what they do its all about me & you
most people have the will to win , but very few have the will to prepare to win . . .
thinking about china for my ssle project #772sp11 . i'd like to teach there one summer .
you're like a stalker . . . .
in case you missed the memo , today is " drive laura crazy " day .
omfgggggggggggggg wtf is going on ah nothing better happen to my stiles
the first episode of the second series is my favorite !
why is law and order only played in all-day marathons ? sub-question : is it better to burn out or fade away ?
everyone in cudahy is already drunk :)
haven't even packed .
you are too much . you just did a shout out to a lot more people than one would think . the economy and the pole .
if you haven't already , open our freezer for a sweet surprise ! ;)
kreider earning his stripes
rip aj davis
i miss #oomf's
michigan doc arrested for prescribing 5m doses of narcotics , $5.7m medicare fraud .
why don't prison inmates just use liquid soap ?
no snowfall pool i've heard about . i would have lost by now !
i know it . im so happy right now . . .
we are growing ! thank you . visit us at www.hairlink.co
thanks for featuring us on #givcauselive #thegivingnetwork , ! we're looking forward to working together more in the future
want to see future of facebook's mobile ad revenue ? just read pandora's recent sec filings for a sneak peak of what's to come .
all clear to go back to austin tomorrow !
admission : totally thought that song " we are young " by fun was tracy chapman's new song . vocal twins !
how many bears could bear grylls grill , if bear grylls could grill bears ?
at turner hall with my mom for tony and tinas wedding , this is hilarious !
hahah ! i'm sure you're not thatt bad;) i couldn't hit any of that girl's balls . she was beastt .
i don't want another map of your head
that picture needs a cat
in your dreams , in your dreams
so glad that the truly talented swept the #grammys ! still not sure what nicki minaj was thinking . ..just bizarre .
the lucky one was a good movie . thanks( :
the celebrity apprentice is my guilty pleasure .
. comedians , sometimes , have an element of truth in what they say . if this is true , what a choice !
hey bro
i'm actually going to the tasting tonight . any must-try recommendations from what you've had so far ?
win . so john krasinski is in a movie about whales and emily blunt is in one about salmon ? is that like a marriage pact ?
i'm getting ready to land the biggest deal of my life , i'm going to fed-ex all my prayer for this " 3-d without glasses product " to work !
goodmorning!! ! the only thought i have right now is gaining self-control .
one month after the layoff , focus and drive are returning . sense of time and date are still lacking .
that makes two of us ! and the tee should be on your doorstep by sometime thursday .
modern family was awesome 2night .
were amazing on
it's official ; can't listen to ' baba o'reilly ' anymore without thinking of #csi . love #thewho / hate #csi (in all its iterations) .
@ firm solutions unlimited we partner with firms to provide outsourcing solutions that improve productivity,efficiency and quality .
pacific hills brandon taylor scores 34 points big time sleeper 2012 pg
gotta tlk to won .
you can't have your spliff and smoke it too . . .
definitely getting " carpe diem " tattooed across the backs of my shoulders or down my ribcage .
no i am not ehud and you know that . i am just someone who see both sides of the conflict . what i said is completely true .
we're talking about the movie right now in the office .
gotta get myself together so i can gtfo !
pisses me off when dogs won't even sit down for a picture , ugh ! .
rt - check out the game of the week at nflstatpages.com . week 2 is the jacksonville jaguars vs . the new york jets
leon joe was acc but another brutal pick can't take it no more lovie ur type guys never make star status .
are you talking about the alcs beer cups you get at the game ?
in fact be condemned , may in fact be a lessor father than the man who thinks of himself as a bad father .
my ass cant hang i cant text 4 the next hour . ..ass falling a sleep while tweeting
i have to pee ! !
awww hi to babes ! have fun and yes , let's def get together soon . ..for real xoxo
don't forget to get me an amazing slicer , dicer or mop from the expo center !
will have to try green bean casserole . wonder if it's like grits ?
getting ready for bay area to la to vegas trip :-)
great tonight and tomorrow at 73 . 80s for thurs-sat with spotty storms . rt what's the cabin forecast ?
those tickets are nearly gone so go get ' em at > www.bignightdc.com .
r-t if you are high on weed today
is it arts and crafts day at your house ? lol !
your twitter account is dming spam . change your password .
want a free comp bottle tomorrow nite 4 #closetsundays hot & haunted #halloween party w/ live ? follow & rt to win !
she thinks i'm like the worst daughter whenever i tell her the truth
special shoutout 2 an eclectic group of friends : love + success
#austinchangedourlives mahomies will trend this to be the one ( :
really good feedback from our #german course . ' . .how enjoyable and useful the course has been so far . donwordswordswordst know where the two hours went . '
finally checking out ' s new album . love . when are they coming to atl ?
someone must have thrown their clock out the window .
yo don't be sleepin on that / fluffy pillow
suggestion : set up agreement w/ stores that machines are in to hold the dvds if machine is full .
thanks for coming in the other day . the curriculum will be a great addition to empty cradles effort .
thank you for the weather updates
culs-de-sac not cul-de-sacs .
#cmonman u leave , and i won't get to see again !
#autismspeaks raise awareness for autism
qt : how you gon diss lebron in a song and then go to one of his games ? (who ? tyler the creator ? )
thank you for your very gracious comments , bobbin !
thank you! ! please stop by ! !
" even if you start a business with the wrong idea or too many competitors , you can out-execute "
stop by and check out a new exhibit of confederate currency in the special collections reading room .
freaky girl !
the #memphisairport once caught a falling elevator car , saving a lady and a baby . it held it in place for 17 hours , setting the world record
who watches the voice ? what team do you want to win ?
rt : the sky has turned grey and cloudy , doesn't a half pint of delirium nocturnum and a comfy wingback sound relaxing ? {yep!]
crash barry speaks at the brown bag lecture series today at noon in the rines ! byobbl [bring your own brown bag lunch!]
i got off the democrat plantation along time ago . " gimme gimme gimme crumbs " aint my style . i'll get steak and shrimp myself !
will do dana . ..probably be a little bit .
asked for
could not have said it better : rt : a huge thank you to all who tweeted #ngs2012 for those of us not there . safe travels back home !
a borin ass monday followed up by a borin ass tuesday somebody hmu asap
if you're doing your best , you won't have any time to worry about failure .
thank you keep up the great work .
finished info sections on new website . ..moving on to photos !
wanna make a difference ? join us this sat to volunteer w/ #dhfit - www.skinnerpark.org
thanks so much for sharing your stories with us from the weekend , we are so encouraged by them , we would love to keep hearing them! ! !
- i always thought you were smart - now i know for sure . hope all is well .
i hate tentative drivers .
she just noticed on facebook and i was like hes a giant! ! haha she says what up " lil bing "
he's in and i'm out . it's like i don't exsist anymore . ..you'll need some one though and he won't be there .
i have heard about the difficulties . come to the ios dark side jwordswordswords
i want to see dark shadows again lol . i also must see snow white & the huntsman , argo,&gangster squad , the latter two based on true stories !
good call .
if the braves do big things in the playoffs i believe he will come back
omg i love draw something!! ! add mee amandac61399( :
ok u right but it makes the point
i just saw somewhere that it's national coffee day . that would explain why i'm on nespresso #3 at 9:40 am . oh wait , that's every day .
if i don't kill myself after this work event , yes
had a great day with my lil man .
. seriously . it is bad ass .
mycity promo tip : treat the events you work like any other job--do great work and you're more likely to get hired again! . . .
did you get a chance to vote
boyfriend just left . now about to chill and eat chill and eat chill and eat .
just finished up reading #decisionpoints by gwbush . ..pretty good read i must say even if i don't agree with some of his decisions
some hot man just sucked off all my lip inflation . . . .
the shadow of the wind by carlos luis zafon . spanish writer but its translated . fabulous ! mystery , intrigue , romance and more !
. . . no problem man . i'm sure you and your fellow cowboy fans , will just get ready for game 2 , and put game 1 behind you .
there is tears for his love ; joy for his fortune ; honour for his valour ; and death for his ambition .
thanks for the shout-out , dan . just trying to keep up with you college kids .
rt : if you a uno student do you know what a privateer is ? #knights- a pirate
rt i love and we will follow you ! !
lets go kansas .
ah i don't know if i could handle that , as much as i love puddles haha .
unreal game .
retweet if graduated from an hbcu #hbcufollowtrain jackson state university spring 2011
thanks for the follow :-)
friends ! i know ~ this job adventurer has been quiet . . you know us bears (me the cubs fan) like to rest up so we can bring it:) i'm back !
i know ! it's like she's not even addressing the criticisms
when i see homeless people or crackheadi always wonder where did they go wrong . .
haha i'm just joshin ya
why am i such a jealous person ? <<<<
weve got shows all month in february including some with , , , & ! which will we see u at ?
how is everyones night ?
flying solo today hate this . not nearly enough time for twitter and words with friends .
curbs in kush is out
i see ya . looking good !
waiting for my truck to be done . ..the auto clinic is the best !
i don't really know what conference i'm supposed to cheer for . . . i just like " m " teams with the color gold
thanks for the follow ! please be sure to follow my company , to learn about career opps , recruiting trends , etc .
i need motivation to write mah stories . . .
if they get mad at me one more time for supporting austin , i might just flip!! ! its my decision not yours!!!!! ! !
unable to store that fat because of the lack of carbs .
forecast for this afternoon : numerous showers and thunderstorms . highs in the mid 70s . south winds 5 to 10 mph . . . .
not an option .
i havnt seen a spider around the house in days , wth r they planning!!! ! !
damn man why the hell girardy wanna put granderson in 6th if he had success against left handed last year .
it just seems longer under the stress !
(ipad/kindle pairing) why did u decide on this bi-modal method ?
i really need to take my contacts out , my eyes are starting to hurt ) :
in other words , though this feels basketball-driven , it's really not .
" , , and competing this sat ! " good luck !
:o i can't remember telling her that though
it sure is
- great to meet you too ! hope you can make it out to the festival next march . . .
occasionally we make mistake and follow #morons . please let us know if you are one of them , so we can unfollow . kthx .
minister orders probe into ballot paper shortage reports
#didyouknow low #literary costs $73 million per year in direct health care costs . a study by put costs much higher .
almost there !
an aluminum can that is thrown away will still be a can 500 years from now !
i keep reading this as " being inside-out " and getting really confused but also morbidly delighted . . .
#kids fun on the farm at country critters farm , sun , may 20 1:00p : bring the family out to country critters farm for fun on the farm . fun . . .
yeah ! in my seat waiting 4 goerne and andsnes to take the stage at carnegie hall for mahler and shostakovich .
baking chocolate cookies , while being pardoned by the twitter big brother , and be " unlocked " , regards to all there ,
sleeping naked is the greatest thing since sliced bread
hey lee how long will you be at borgata for ? thinking about making a trip for last few tournies .
it's so important to never forget that we must treat every customer with legendary service . we have no idea how their day is .
no but seriously my phone has been dead besides 1 or 2 people . and i like texting people :3
emily's text : " need ashkers stat . " mine : " yep . " and that's how you plan breakfast .
chris paul has been doing that a little too often lately (running into the key , jumping w/out a target to pass to , leading to turnover) .
eyeballing font size + font is easy . true pixel mastery is when you can click and drag exact dimensions centered in the psd on the 1st try
presenting tomorrow at 10am room w206a playful literacy activities
rt life is deceptively easy to squander . we waste minutes and find that days have slipped by .
is so bored right now . i kinda wish i was somewhere else right now .
we were hacked . the problem should be corrected . we apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused
it seemed during the holmgren era we got 3-game road trips every year .
hey what time should i plan on crashing your b&j free cone date ?
happy monday
with this series clippers because of kmart . my favorite are the bulls but if i want a west team to win i like the thunder .
i love when movie ads on youtube only shell out for 5 seconds , and you can hit " skip ad " when you know it's pg but not what movie it is xd
wait . is chivalry dead ?
that means a lot :) it's nice to meet you ! !
is bad art worse than no art ?
#caa2012 nick mirzoeff : pays homage to the spectre of revolution across multiple spaces
email from university reminded me many students want good friday off . wasn't planning on it , but good friday falls on my birthday .
really rather play the yankees in the alcs . detroit scares me . not the team , the city .
you come on twitter for some pity right ?
in theory anyways ;) thanks for the mention .
way to be awesome ! love your interview with david gaider !
when we look for the good in others , we discover the best in ourselves . ~martin walsh
what came out of this conversation ?
its hard as a man but i know i can
almost lake season up there & you guys have a great selection of life jackets & water toys ! congrats on the new store !
he's this season's " the mask "
congrats to all .
actually not that bad . had an orchestra backing them . plus , any act that performs at that venue is gonna sound awesome . haha
just saw ur post about license . yay . good luck !
wat time are yall leaving tomorrow ?
you better be ! go bulls ! have fun ! rt i'm going to be the bulls ' lucky charm at the game tonight ! :)
just turned on . . . is z bo hurt ?
making some new intros , then gotta work on my demo for the dj battle . only day off , another 8 hours tomorrow .
yes ! exactly what i was telling him . next time we'll show him dc nightlife lol
k . i have class at 6 . ill shoot u a txt .
happy father's day too all the amazing dads out there . the appreciation you should receive is endless ! :d love family .
i feel like a baby . all i can do is eat and sleep , and walking still gives me some trouble .
today big bill's ghost was haunting what we used to call " bughouse square " (i.e . washington sq . park) . where are the soapbox orators of old ?
thankful for another day . bout to call it a night . so goodnight <3
all bad bros !
think of how cutting edge britten was , surrounded by rv williams , elgar , and the like .
i know! ! i don't remind me!! ! ah . have to wait till august
have a very merry x-mas and a happy new year ! *in my tlc voice*
austin convention center #sxsw intel
working tonight 2 for 1 pints after 9! ! i'll be there will you ?
thank you & for the metro monday's rt's .
make that a 4 time grammy winner (oscar on deck ? ) :-) good to meet you !
i expected my microwaved sandwich , nothing more . back to starbucks tomorrow . . .
making flapjacks
rt : so good , you'll never wanna leave abq #ff <--so kind of you to mention us !
why is it called after dark when it really after light
thank you for your tweet out ;)
mission of burma a bit ? maybe it's a boston thing ?
#thoughtsduringschool should i go to my next class ?
nine years ago today went on my first date with amy
love spicy foods ? you could actually be addicted ! the capsaicin found in chilies sends signals to your brain that release endorphins !
when you can't understand your teacher's language , you'll be like " talk to the hand " .
i've been staring at my computer screen for an hour trying to write this stupid essay :/
sorry , don't know of any of those
big bang theory is such a funny show
fixing a windows formatted 10yo perl file on a unix machine , running it as a cgi-script using apache . . . i feel like a french engineer :)
yeah , im great .
suns of ansnarky ?
me : guess what i saw today ? dex : ? me : everything i looked at :-d dex : i should of seen that coming . . . . >.<
agree , not getting the job done . how many chances are they going to give him . . .
doesn't mention obama veto threat ? mt ruppersberger on cybersecurity bill : shows what can happen when dems , gop work together .
enjoying the weather and a birthday party .
please follow me . .you are amazing , you have such a unique voice , i cried watching your elimination and i just wish you won wordswordswords
what did you think of the express line ?
so true ! merci rt : ok . if y'all think is just pastry & tomato soup , think again . delish ! can't wait to share more . . .
a comment to think about : " optometry has done a fine job of taking care of the eye , but we've managed to disconnect it from the brain . "
my head and brain are back . at the moment i am doing so packing , cause i am going to go home for like an hour to see my baby ! i have nothing
keep creativity alive by any means .
#ravens over #falcons is my fearless forecast for
timberlake's solo stuff is the only example . nothing else good came from that dark , dark time for music .
i don't think it's a joke at all . just trying to keep his reputation up . :)
ya mane
exciting week with the hockey playoffs! ! cheers!!!! ! !
stand out is unavailable on ! bummer ! gimme a second fave track from that soundtrack :)
rotary is educating families on sumba about sanitation , families can sign up and then rotary helps build sanitation facilities
visitors tend to trust businesses with photos or videos of the establishment .
a person is a " who " not a " which . " " john smith , which is our vp, " is not correct .
next time you hear mitt romney speaking , close your eyes and picture will ferrell doing his harry carey impression .
i have no friends today
i'm so far , from baby . ~
happy new year . and a much belated merry christmas to you !
haha that's sick !
got new iphone a few days ago . . . so many apps . . . the house is a mess . . . bills need to be paid . . . plants need water . . . but the apps! ! !
rt : waiting for the judge's decision now in the #freetonytiger case . stay tuned !
listen hhahaa ok but something idiot
youtube i will put it on youtube . . . share it on facebook . . . well idk
why so discouraged ? i know he is a terrible rebounder , but at least he is a real listed 7 footer and not soft at all .
" when you choose your friends , don't be short-changed by choosing personality over character . "
i think i'm finally going to unpack my clothes
this whole not having wikipedia for the day is really annoying
no more school . ! hell yeah.!! ! !
#ar is in the " silent movie " stage . haven't established metaphors that people can relate to , e.g . desktop , trash can . " magic lens "
" the anvil outlasts the hammer . " - vietnamese saying
so proud of you dave!! ! great job! ! !
lights out again ! let's play hide n seek in keisel's beard !
i read about it . i will have to get to it . ..hands on . lol
mark your calendars ! this month's meeting will be next thursday , january 26th . more details coming soon !
can't stay up any longer
but it wasn't the score for game 5 . 3 seed got worked .
what is there to like about a mall ? no wonder they're in trouble .
i wish i knew what i did with my phone charger .
here comes the rain . . .
i saw that , i wanted to be , but it's not md here yet , ha rt : #shoutout to he told me happy mothers day first :)
the bcbg outlet store on melrose ave . is totally gone . empty & for lease sign up .
going to universal studios tomorrow . haven't been there in 2 yrs . simpsons ride ! !
who would even think of a univ . named western in ontario ? it would be like an ohio univ . named case western . .er . .never mind .
need a lift ?
rocking my slippers , don't even care my feet hurt
robert hutchins~ education is a kind of continuing dialogue and a dialogue assumes in the nature of the case different points of view .
we have to wait until cali turns 12 .
watchin #juice in #hd , its like the first time again
the black keys live at the tonight ! stop in & see us
lol really ? she'd probably slap you if you called her that .
way to walk those runs in cubs ! looking forward to a nice night . my training officially starts tomorrow . " hard work and your dreams chase u "
#arentyoutiredof rude ass people ! !
the other girl lives 17 miles away fr m me with her mom and comes to visit her dad where i live . i don't see her very often .
ugh . ..really-u r such a loser!! ! !
u sure know how to ruin movie night-don't u have any quality control over your dvds . ..3rd time in 1 month #fail ! cc :
success is relative . it is what we can make of the mess we have made of things . -t . s . eliot
i like the use twitter tip .
tns for the follow
ah yes . ..the famous one in our relationship . i get many just because of my awesome , beautiful talented wife
i seem to have attracted some california followers who think i'm from capitola,ca . sorry to disappoint . capitola is my name and i'm from ny !
did a little work convo last night , and we are gonna use someone different for the website . since its been stagnant . can't wait !
going away for the weekend =]
where we're all these " friends"for whitney when the media was dragging her thru the mud ? its shameful ?
in order to be beautiful ; you have to have a beautiful heart.<3
where my eastside people at ?
" : each one of us has a hole in our heart we choose to fill with drugs , parties , a commited partners love , or god . "
studio mate just adjusted the dimer switch by jamming a car key in the light socket . in related news , he's still alive .
i will officially be done with college one week from today !
lol , true though . .
grow up .
just passed mr patton speech mann , eoc is good , finals good this school year had good moments
diet reminders : great calcium content foods include almonds , figs , molasses , sesame seeds , parsley , spinach , watercress , kale
exactly . triflin hoe ! i feel bad for his family . he was trying to do right .
thank you m'dear ! :)
people i don't even be around all the time call me a " #mack "
of course ! good luck with the chat tmrw - i'll be on the road so probably can't join . but i'll try to follow along :)
lol!! ! yes ! rt : thick girls like to dry hump
keep your hopes up high and your head down low . :p
it's not sunday ? *in complete denial*
looks like bebow might not be a jet after all . . . what a shame . #qb ?
that is cool :)
probably a bad sign if you spend most of your life powering through things .
today would have been my grandma's 110th birthday . happy birthday , nannie !
michael , great blog ! i will definitely be sharing your posts . have a great weekend .
hey im being nice why are you objecting .
girls r complicated
im shocked to see coco crisp re-sign with the a's . i thought he was gone for sure . i didn't think he wanted to be part of the rebuild .
r.i.p . trayvon martin
headed home after a great week in fort worth with the rest of the team
we are on pretty soon at the guitar merchant . come join us
woke up this morning . . . laid in bed and thought there's a lot of work to do .
would your ipad 3 sleep out on the street all night waiting for you ? i don't think so .
spot trending now in chicago , il : starbucks - starbucks (live updates)
agree with ' s piece calling for real digital scholarship . nines has played a supporting role , hopes to help others innovate .
off to office potluck . elaine benes ' " get well . ..get well soon " comes to mind .
thank you for the rt jc . blessings . . .
huawei refutes iranian allegations
as i get older , i'm starting to realize that one of my life skills may be dodging bullets that i don't think are bullets at the time .
good to meet you . so what's the deal with this cheeseburger club ? cheers
no . u started this talking about christianity . which if memory serves is approx 2000 years .
danny green lookin like he back at unc lol
gibbs and i are going , actually !
looking for this bumber sticker " if god's not a broncos fan why are sunsets blue & orange . " for you.it's on my car .
the bandwagon deadline is over . we're not accepting applications at this time . try again next season . thanks , #grizznation #gng committee
it's playoff week ! specials thru out the playoffs , trivia tonight , bingo tomorrow ! !
remixed to the point of unrecognizable .
its on usa network ! !
not the capitalist teddy bear again ! (our security is useless . just lies here . useless.)
yes sir ! can't wait for you to be home !
i deserve that .
please don't wear it . .lol
long day of filming . glad to have the weekend off . anyone have a idea for a show you want on the channel
don't you dare take miles . you can take my children , but you leave me my monkey .
it will be very interesting to watch if copyright issues start to dog pinterest .
people only wanna talk to me when my phones on silent .
my friend just said he would rather lose his donger than one of his eyes . . . it's a crazy world .
if you would like an interview with me ! you should contact my management team or one of my publicists!!<3 you all rock ! !
thanks for the follow ! got any good food news for me ?
am twittering for the first time
what up everyone ! hotel staff is going nuts for the world cup today ! go mexico!!!! ! !
:0 i am so sorry </3
it's nice to know what other people really think of me .
" : championship game time ! #wastatebball " boys 4a up first . davis v c valley . big davis crowd
planning a #wedding ? we offer free consultations with no obligation to book
why am i not surprised that only the pictures i hung up have fallen off the wall , whereas all the ones my dad did are fine . . . hm
social media is how i make a living , how i've found true love , and faith . it's also caused me grief to no end .
titanic voice : come back wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
humbled to be singing " back home again in indiana " in honor of jim nabors at the breakfast at the brickyard .
can tell it's #mardigras time in nawlins based on the progressively incoherent phone messages from my friends there today
tanning then getting ready for thunder alley <3
also a remarkable number of books told from the perspective of children -- tricks for avoiding too much tech
the quality of leadership , more than any other single factor , determines the success or failure of an organization
if harry's bi , then let's go larry . i'll support him through it all . but , trust him , not a magazine that states it .
dont forget its a million other people with the same dream as you
#coldplayonidol is awesome ! !
uh oh ! chipotle is not the best . . .
saturday morning fact : toast tastes exponentially better when cut into triangles .
www.ministryofideas.is being launched live at
jon stewart is fighting the good fight armed with humor and.truth . wish everyone would listen to you
just listened to your buddhist geeks podcast , it was great ! can't wait to read the book :)
hope you have a great time in edinburgh . try the whiskey museum on the royal mile . was great 20 years ago ! !
" the prettiest smiles hide the deepest secrets . the prettiest eyes have cried the most tears . the kindest hearts have felt the most pain . . . "
it's ok . ..i mean once the clap gets you it's hard to break free . . .
nah man im going to work as much as i can ! lol
i mean i'm skinny and my parents ' food doesnt make me fat :d
heading home from asking alexandria's , " still reckless tour " concert ! ben waved/smiled at me , i met miw and now i can die happy . :'d
they say i'm tripping , but i know what i want , this boy here is different , he got something that they dont . .
whole foods would not last a year . ask yes organic . same store vol . lower total purchase sales than on the hill .
don't mind me , im too busy watching #deadliestcatch to care what's going on .
tgif! . . have a great start to the weekend ! !
good luck to our neighbors tonight in the #playoffs ! go !
oh gosh
m . good question rt : museum fans! : what is one new thing you learned from a museum via social media ? reply w/
overheard at lsp : cj sapong's car is really crappy . better step your game up
the only good guy all the bad guys want to win . . .
f you're rockin a smart phone don't forget to " check-in " on your facebook app while you're here . thanks for the love cbus !
olympus group orlando facility open house wed . , november 16th 4-7pm . live demo of vehicle wrap . . . music , food . join us .
gosh , i also have my grandmother's piano stool (the seat screws higher and lower) with glass feet and her milking stool .
you are welcome and i followed too
thanks , it was all the cox in my face that drew me to yours .
man it's cold
why is google talk not available on iphone . . . frustrating!! ! !
will be in to stl for the cards game . bring nicer weather !
i'm gonna miss pll :/
oh , then it's a good thing you have your family around to some human interaction ! haha
the red stripe was always cold and refreshing , pretty light on flavor and alcohol content , but i didn't have a bad one ! !
at the end of the day the only person i have to answer to is me . everyone else's opinions are irrelevant .
i only like being with my baby
. . . .nice to know ? creep . fwd : m im gonna get in the shower . to get all wet . and soapy . and stuff
thanks ! i thought of it this morning in the car whilst blasting the radio and feeling amazed to be alive . *g*
painting the railings brown . they are starting to look like big pieces of chocolate now .
good show but u gotta figure out how 2 speak over the music with it still playing instead of interrupting when you talk
getting ready for a great week of worshipping god with the folks from care net at the gaylord palms . should be an awesome time .
i'm on fb more because most of my friends are out of state and in other countries , happy earth day to you as well
we'll take great care of ya ! again . glad you're back ! a
aw ! can you feel the love ? ! we need to bring our annual conference back to staunton soon !
i'm so exhausted but my brain will not give up . than i realized a cup a coffee than 2 venti won't do me justice . #caffeinewordswordswords3 o_o
across the state , the cincinnati reds will be without their closer for the season after he tore a ligament in his elbow . ouch !
#sacscoc network is up and down so will tweet while i can .
are you going ?
shyt idk im tryin to find something to do . . a lil kickback or something
mama's day for me : gardening , bike ride , short run , and food food food !
see ya oahu ! maui today .
i won't say whether i was happy or sad at the thought of her dying (happy) .
thank you for being there during last night's e-panic moment ! #london2012 (cc : )
yep . i know . just doing what i can to keep reminding myself that he's not terrible at everything .
one thing that holds us back is anger , bitterness , resentment . forgiveness is essential for clearing the fog and moving forward .
haha dude ! im just awesome like tht xp
#feed9b nine in madison (at least) . just where i am . . . .
governor says he's willing to consider a revised tax bill , but gop doesn't seem inclined . zellers - " i don't know . "
#ndsa y . stickler on why projects fail : never tell anyone , no history/proof of concept , unrealistic expectations , 2 much biz 2 li'l passion
he is where i get my weird side from
after watching the bc v wf game yesterday - all i can say to #bceagles fans is - sign the #squirrel !
to go on a megabus trip this year so you're welcome
hope it wasn't a 12 year old!! ! wats been goin on white boo
jeremy jacobs (jeremyjacobs) thanks for the follow .
have fun ! (i'm still under cover . lol)
girls growinq up too fast to be a dummie && boysnot growinq up enouqh to be a man
shout out too the president !
lol ! that's awesome ! we love ice cream too ! :)
#dc is the place to be !
you caught me blue handed x)
0000001000000110101001101010011 we poisoned their asses .
alright . . who was it ? who fell off the bar deck at #madriver in #manayunk last night ?
we'd like to acquire the rights to your twitter handle and can offer incentives . please dm/reply with your contact info to discuss .
didn't realize you created that visualization ! great work , its fascinating . i'd love to see a 1600-1750 version .
especially when i'm working on covering worlds , like i am right now . so much easier to flip tabs between my notes .
i got one
reorganizing my room ! :d
guys who don't nag are such a blessing
overtime hockey !
ratings weren't good , i guess . networks are cut-throat haha .
thanks ! sounds good to me .
when are you coming to chicago ?
over 3 years now . . . i lived in ireland for 2 years before i moved here . you know i really like nm ! were you born in abq ?
ui & ux are not synonyms of each other and should not be used interchangeably
get the september issue of fangoria to read about my audition for creature!! ! :d
thinking of the lives lost on this day and grateful for the ones still here . miss you lori .
we will be speaking loud about it ; we will not stand for being blamed for mistakes made by donors says pires from
milwaukee , it's nearing the end of spring 2012 . what have you got fermenting ? what's next in the bottling line ?
past time ! for all of us to dump him . .
of course ! i've gotten as far as making my dream of a sandwich from larchmont wine & cheese come true ;)
ikr ! where and how have you been
rough first half for kentucky .
thank you so much ! !
at the same time as they are making the hobbit they're allowing fans to vote on actors for the runelords production .
the name gabriella doesn't fit me . -.- '
monday at dunkin donut nostrand avenue is fine . i sent you an email also confirming the date
i stayed for the swans . i thought it was awesome , that gut-rattling noise . swoon . too soon to declare myself champ ?
it's ' s sweet 16 today ! please wish her a happy birthday!69
give me 50 mil and see if i go broke
skylar :) how about yourself ?
so many installers and updates . 3 hours into the install and i'm still not done .
thanks , go local ! :
how can i text ? oh ha thanks to t9 i can
yeah . . me too . and after she does she just dies laughing
hey ! i'm going to #sitweetup & i think i graduated from ithaca w/mrjoesterne . small world !
haha i know !
love that place !
ugh i might go to convention in az this year . but idk how thats gunna end up goin
think about it . ..they don't follow anyone . ask yourself why 2 pac's last album was called killuminati . ..they want control ! a nwo
plan b playing some terrible mashups tonight .
multiple people have told me that i grunt/moan in my sleep . . . .
i'm watching #jeeperscreepers2 and i'm scared af ! :/
hello saturday : )
congratulations fans ! you still don't have any championsips to brag about like the do !
o how was it ?
sometimes i wonder way cant we see god and tell other people how he looks and how he acts
" : jammin to #passion pit always makes me think of #missyougirl:( " so god ! miss u too :(
good news from the magic (finally) they will be going to the playoffs for 6th straight season wordswordswords longest active streak in nba east
s\o #hometeam and the rest of the team #brainyactcamp . .love my fam
what roddy do ?
gotta study for my test tomorrow and i wanna get a hundred but now im going to watch the new novela that came out today so ttyl . -chelsea
yup , and you're my favourite asian .
how fast did you drive her ?
ask me next year . ha !
woke up at 1 then did a little tanning now i'm back in bed waiting some taco bell
i miss the jonas brothers .
gm #ilvolovers today is the day . . good luck guys today in buenos aires #epiutipensoilvolo wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
well , if i could take the sickness from you , i would .
thanks miss !
i'm on the bus noticing the difference between men's biz casual and women's biz casual.we need to step it up to compete
? twitter de
who is excited for #kylestock 2011 ! ? ! ?
waiting on to get bck frm mf vacation so i can put his ass to work on some verses lol
starting today !
going for a workout to blow off some steam . only hmu if you really need me
just finished presenting to hs seniors how to write personal statements thru young urbanites unite ! lloyd is doing great work !
stomp rockets!!!!! ! so remember those
i write m/m fiction . :-)
ugh . stuck in the dulles cell phone lot with a dead car battery .
the word defies its holder . the word is anarchy and the poet , its syndicate .
if you're in city tomorrow evening , drop by the is hosting a fa cup dart competition .
the universe thanks you .
thank you and for the rts !
great column today . thank you !
what types of women's rights items should be digitized at the national archives during the extravascanza ?
sleep eludes me .
its gorgeous out there !
you know you say the word " like " to much when it finds its way into your tweets #oomf ---> " omg like i'm so like pissed "
heading to this family function in a little bit . . .
yea if i'm invited to do so i will . . . . . .
thank you for the holiday card !
lmao i really dislike my name:/
yeah . tickets on sale monday .
heading over to speak w/ at #legcon12 press conference , calling on congress to prevent student loan rates from doubling in july !
a person with a loving heart does not seek revenge .
scotland yard pub will be closed this afternoon for a private party but will open at 8pm for football .
i often change the spec until the code has demonstrated long term value . i find tdd wasteful in this case .
if you ever figure that one out - please share the secret :]
i'm concerned about lana del ray , i feel like she may actually have a hearing problem .
you must be pretty smart then
let me know how it turns out ! i would suggest using a griddle or flat top over grilling . that's how they do them in nyc .
thanks for the follow . . . now following back ! ;d
welcoming to the bay area by forcing him to eat farm-to-table food until his taste buds explode with happy .
lol last time i golfed i didn't have a putter and used like a 4 iron .
looking forward to the opening tonight !
creative pros : when you " just start"wordswordswordsdirection , organization , and creativity that was hidden before , becomes miraculously clear . 2 of 3
hey did you say something about a cd at ? everytime i go on there i look . . .
congrats win well deserved love ya ? #rusherspartyingworldwide ?
i'm slackin today . i need to get motivated
the replay shows that #ortiz was just trying to get his helmet back and swung his arm by accident
can't wait for the start of this weekend . ships and planes saturday , racecars sunday . a much needed vacation from " work" . we all need one .
man , you are flattering the hell out of us with all these rts . . .
got my prom pictures :b i look pregnant , but whatevssss . x)
thanks for listening to the sunday night shakedown on 98.9 the buzz ! tune in next week for the rochester rock ' n roll !
seems like it could be fun , but it has some really irritating issues now . like , what's with the dialogue ?
nice ! good stuff ! thought for sure burton had made that one up . good to know he was drawing on an actual source .
im extremly exited cause i love watxhing u act it gives me inspiration as well as te other cast members !
lol . well you girls have my love & support ! just don't try and get me to join you haha ! xd
i never seen it but im sure my friend who also owns this account with me has :)
love this 63 degree weather we're having
omg tiffany! ! !
someone call chris hanson and tell him steven tyler is a predator .
heard someone else talking about that show as well . i'll give them a listen today .
never realized how ticklish my feet are until now . wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
you should write a letter to her parents :)
headed home to dc after a great 2 days teaching italy at international culinary center nyc .
lol u look so funny today jkkkk u lokk super awesome jk u look weird =d
i do , lived there for 8 years , how can i help ? ! where is the conference ? cc
traffic in mission/fashion valley is worse today than it was during the holiday season . . . what's up with that ? !
bout to eat a home made steak an cheese i'm a
#attention : do me a favor and listen to this song i post here in a few minuets
now spending an hour on an article 4 a golf website on the zone & subconscious-intuition b4 i go out . will post it up here nxt wk sometime .
q : why are we here ? a : i want to amass such a tremendous fortune that the pile of it becomes a new island i can be buried in .
i have one , but i only see her in the mornings . :( lln
she was stopped with a quickness . ..lol .
just kidding . . . i misunderstood ur location ! thats it ! thanks :)
" this mother is going down . " dr shirley weber , fmr sdusd bd member @ last nights naacp forum , on city schools " like the titanic " she said
phone with my sister
pretty sure i just saw santa clause walk into wal-mart
oh la la lol took that for four years in hs and year in college . french isnt too bad compared to other languages
i am having a great vday
this doesn't count the 3 months of summer w/out funding . that's unfortunate for your students !
do you feel safe at rest stops ? have heard parking at motel with largevparking areas is less obvious and pretty safe .
how do you not block these ppl . u r a much better person than me . by rt u show how internet they r and cnt put up an argument
hahaha damn not all of us can look like drizzy with a fresh cut all the time .
i would be honored if you visited my little sister's new site www.alkohlmannimagery.com . she is , in my opinion , wicked talented !
all praises to the most high for allowing me another day
i wish when my workd day was over it was completely over but nope i have an hour drive home before i can truely relax :(
chillin with my homies on skyscraper alley
leadership is not rational .
" : go to where you got your badge holder and ask for a sticker . took me forever , too! " to get tweet badge
yes ! rt : are the labs open today ?
thanks rick . great site btw
just beginning . was supposed to start at noon , but it didn't start til 9 p.m.! ! or maybe 10 - if you call this work
lots of people see it differently , and it's great gamesmanship for the fans to create a mcdirty , mcfilthy thug wade .
yes ! second time a charm .
sorry ! what platform are you using ? do you have " related matches " turned on ? if it is easier via email .
y u mad
french toast , i like you . ..i really do . but for once can you please prepare yourself ? ! ? ! it's not like you're hard to make . ..but this bed . .
i finally finished the last part of , great movie kids , it's worth checking out ! !
what you have in your heart , not your bank account , matters to god and endures for eternity . . .
hope you back with the team next year ! you was a definite bright spot . . .
you can code faster if you don't measure , in the same way you can drive faster by closing your eyes and pressing on the gas pedal
should be asleep but i rather keep eating chocolate chip cookies and potato chips . ..oh boy , i'm in trouble .
i had a good weekend . what about you ?
the best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others . -mahatma gandhi
i had a dream one direction asked me to be their photographer . when i got there , i went to get the 1d milkshake from
#np " down by the water " the decemberists , from the " fuv live 14 " cd i got on thursday night ! good stuff .
thrilled to be added to the ad100 . thanks !
switch teams ? nah i still like the sox
gosh . .you're so smart .
yes , i well know , hence my comment prodding richard to check it out .
the current federal minimum wage of $6.55 per hour (effective july 24 , 2008) will increase to $7.25 per hour (effective july 24 , 2009) .
im done with products . ..they don't stand behind them !
lol i noe but r u the one who role-plays jeremy n lol yea i noe
can someone make me laugh i feel sad and uncomfortable ?
i saw mommy kissing stone pony ?
that is weird it happened to my friend too .
you post awesome tweets everyone should follow you !
not me haha
#tinafey and #bradleycooper ? doesn't really work for us . .
these kids in i know what you did last summer have poor decision making skills .
our gang is forward to hearing you speak !
#schoolmemories getting good report cards
tofu , coffee and thought bubbles
why aren't girls ever named " jr " like boys are ? is there not a jessica smith out there who wants her daughter to be named jessica smith jr ! ?
i know that must be an awesome feeling . . i'm smiling so big for you . .
great time tonight thanks to and for coming out tonight
good luck ! you can do it ! give it all you got ! random words of encouragement !
#subwaybuy1get1 early birds will get that :) guess that i'm not one of those lol
i bet santa feels the same !
there c :
beebe - more content , add backfiles , digitize public domain books . add value , not prices
yes to posting pic via twitpic email .
hello ! :b rt : preciate that man , and is his name .
wells fargo . . . . you tried it . you're ruining my life .
. so travolta wanted to play sweathog with his swordfish but had a blow out . now there's a civil action .
unprepared for class in the really important ways : forgot my coffee , forgot my water , forgot candy for during the break .
i love dc hip hop
. we are beginning to lose the pioneers from the heady days of technology : jobs , ritchie . . .
10 men americans admired most in 1970 : nixon , billy graham , ted kennedy , lbj , humphrey , agnew , nader , the pope , bob hope , george wallace
yes we have made another leap . it's a used bookstore here in lexington .
you'd have to be pretty thick to believe the wisgop would actually say something like that .
prefers well-written and passionate writing to just passionate writing (wants fewer rants , more essays) -
if you don't want it , you definitely do not deserve it .
we need to get this offense back on track . starting nate tice this week .
visual intelligence's dr . armando guevara is announced as the key note speaker at the upcoming icm congress of mexico .
p.s . -- i brought the book of broken hymns with me . looking forward to reading--finally .
rehearsal is a beast you have to tame every day .
how much you want to bet bon jovi has everyone in that suite in stitches by humming " livin ' on a prayer " every time tebow touches the ball ?
linsanity tonight at the garden ! very excited ! i prob . won't make it past the 1st half tho . . .
is building a stopword list for 19thc danish . this is well before the aa -> wordswords spelling reform , so existing ones won't do . . .
i'm so tan ! i love you sun<3
have a walkman delivered to you by carrier pigeon .
i think should be on the tonight
my cuz hasnt done anything but x box 360 fo three days
take a look at kenlm . it's even faster & smaller than berkeley lm . #acl2011 #aclhlt11 kheafield.com/code/kenlm/benchmark/
i'm in nashville . checkin time is 7am 8 eastern .
okay , theres not much more you can do boo , be strong x
gave up wine on weeknights for #lent . need to rethink ways to unwind & decompress after these crazy work days !
miss you too
the guy next to me just ate a toothpick !
happy new years! ! !
did you fly into san francisco or san jose airport ? thanks !
the number of #mizzou people i've never met that i'm following on twitter is absurd . . .
and gametimes overlap on thursday ?
hahah thank you
no judgment . i'm wearing a sundress and sandles . anything else was too complicated .
im witcha on that !
considering it , but the lighting is a but of a bummer
mystyle shop-it list : black friday edition things we ' ll be shopping for this black friday . . . 1 . flaunt it : marceau cutout drawstring dre
i'm shot , and so are you .
hey thx for the follow !
good afternoon everyone !
i sometime want to burst in to tears -_-
mashing this 2-5 cash game
you should make the bucket hat your mf doom mask . . . in other words , your trademark lol
no problem sir .
o big girl treats like the wicker stuff my momma tries to keep me away from ? yay! ! !
forcing myself to stay awake for the video premier . love you <3
the little girl in this show >> :)
no way .
ok . . . whew . . . .i was bout to say . lmao
happy birthday ! love ya !
the place to read and be read , join today
i can never understand it , i would say 90% of my friends and famly are on the other side . where do these people come from ?
i think she hates me deep down , i know she does . .
well derrick is passed out . so i'm just sitting here .

thanks man! ! : d
happy anniversary sweetie ! xoxo
dc : join us tonite at bill lightfoot's place ; fundraiser for kwame brown , next chair of the dc council ! suggested donation , $50.00 . max 2k !
i expect it when i'm visiting family down south . to be told that in a northern state where i sound like everyone else is odd .
blerrrg , such a hard time waking up this morning . i picked the wrong day to stop sniffing glue -- i mean , drinking coffee .
but if u hurt me and i forgive u how i don't know u want do it again
ugh ! how do u expect #startups to accrue votes if your site is so un-user-friendly ? make a simple vote button !
not really but kind of .
*just in case* you need an attorney , you can always call on top tier legal group to be your only source for trusted & experienced lawyers .
since i got off the plane , vegas has been nonstop awesome ! :-d
only because i'm tired and too weak to be that cruel . you get a second chance
no one's rt'd me for the past 42 minutes . . . i've lost my rt swag
he is mad he is stuck in hooterville when he couldn't get work at big cities . bet he is bitter in person
hey lovely ladies - stop by and enter to win a copy of #le chic cocoon by sweet reminder to care for ourselves too . :)
can sing really well! ! rt if you love his beautiful voice
fresh prince is the best way to start my morning wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
in neighboring district , no teams stalled & teams thrived . their teams became stronger & kids were recruited .
what time does tourney start 2morrow ?
all checked in for my flight to orlando !
safe travels for today . we'll only be 3 states away for the next two days .
i couldn't do it without the help of !
i'm getting my " radio snark " live365 station going again soon online . you'll have to check that out .
how was your trip to where ever you went ?
it was a great show mike . crazy to see how some performers don't appear to age . . .
i can happily report that ursinus college will offer a religious studies major starting next fall !
on earth everything changes but change itself . in heaven nothing changes . god is constant . praise god above all .
crowds gathering at somers hs for westchester budget hearing . good to see so many who care so much
longer than that ! come for as long as you want whenever you want !
dude , i miss that van so much .
work it .
minding my business
saw today! ! so good . mom and dad did such a great acting job ! best extras ever! ! !
woman after my own heart ! that's how jesus would spend easter !
austin is 16 here in the uk:')
hooker you know to stay out my territory
that's not a good look .
nfc might provide a workaround in near term , but for long term , photo rights policy frameworks need to adapt .
heidi klum just filed for divorce ? ! both of my girls in one month ! 2012 isnt looking so good :(
great place to sell wedding dress uk
thats whats fcked up about it , it doesnt need to be . haha oh ok . good one .
make it a great day , your " network"= your " net worth"-bh
what's the ntn mean ?
do you see him at the ebooks session ? it was great to get a local perspective & be sure and tell him good job !
thank you !
i am going to drink micheladas tonight . i am stoked .
i tried but i couldn't catch her .
just like the opera ! rt : thinking about having running subtitles for all my dj sets
nice ! and here is an idea : donate to women in detention x mothers day ?
hey rimi- thanks for the follow .
i see someone is stalking my tweets tonight . . lol
love the video !
chrittttty cat you coming up for fredfest ?
thx 4 helping :) rt rt : have you given to haiti ? this is great read , and makes you feel good ! connected media
i'm from phoenix !
slowly starting to get that jungle fever . there's some cute ass black guy on the bus & i realized i know him but i'm shy to say wassup . .
go big blue ! !
wordswordswhatwordswordss moneywordswords a man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.wordswords - bill cos
rt : i'm excited to photograph this event ! wordswordswords : select 2012 opens tomorrow ! saturday , february 11 6-8pm ! free! . . .
thanks for the invite pussyclot
i'm mad at you . lol
full speed ahead everybody lets go
facebook is like jail , you sit around and waste time , write on walls , and get poked by people you don't know .
i want to go to indonesia so bad ! it sounds/looks so beautiful ! :d
today marks the anniversary of my move to chicago , seems like yesterday !
funny . i just tweeted the same thing
having a craptaculus morning , time to listen to sing " coming up " from #gethimtothegreek to shake it off .
i wanna make a collage of you and austin :)
i'm starting to think that will never be able to drive .
nice , solid run !
the jiri chronicles should be on the list if not already . . . over 500 individual works by " him "
easter is here!remember,chocolate is toxic to dogs,lilies r toxic to cats,e . grass if ingested can cause problems that require surgery
a guy in my section tonight yakked in his cup , then put it under his seat & knocked it over . he also left behind a sock .
when im up at 5am , im not so nice to early babe :/
finding out who wins in a couple hours ! :-)
i agree . just like n many states . the schools play each other during season , but the state tny's r seperated
happy thanksgiving ! open extra hours this week . tuesday 1-5 , wed . 11am -6pm don't forget the chocolates!! ! !
rt : " you really do become that to which you are most exposed -- look at your friends first - that is your future " denis waitley
another commenter notes research on adolescence extending into early 20s and how that affects what new lawyers are doing .
took life in hands yesterday--cel phone photoed a page for research purposes--did it at books-a-million . real outlaw writer , i am .
fuzzy monkey
#roc couple that used the billboard to propose made national news . crazy ! very cute though
did you see what just happened ? roger got sent off . elbow to face of chicago dude .
emy ! c'mon in , the water's fine !
argh , after a too-zealous grab for the newspaper , half of that coffee is now on my shirt . just one of those days . . .
& hes surprisingly a comics comic ive seen him rework the same jokes several times searching for better punches
#saysomethin best . song . ever.<3 it's been on repeat for hours now<3 ( : #proudmahomie #mahomie4life #mahomiesgohard :d
dude . just saw the avengers .
if one dream should fall and break into a thousand pieces , never be afraid to pick one of those pieces up and begin again .
i'm participating in the #aam2011 virtual conference horizon report .
take that , brazil! ! !
ow . just accidentally cut my index finger with a kitchen knife . bandaid on , ignoring the cut . i don't have time for minor injuries right now
rt : bumper sticker : my other car is parked in two spots .
only 25 days until my band ' s new single is out ! we've got alot of stuff ahead for you guys !
is delicious . by far the best cupcake i have had in a while
wishes would follow her ! :(
i was telling my bro that is the most talented guy ever and he agreed . . . hes 20years old hahaha :)
made the trip to the grocery store . still forgot to get detergent .
top 6 tips from our legalshield lawyers : 5 . no problem is too small ! if it's important to u , it's important to your legalshield lawyer .
he is #risen indeed .
" #mythbuster : #yolo ! ? actually , you don't live once . how you live now will determine where you will live in eternity!!wordswordswords
when he got his twitter back thats when i ask !
yepp . still know all the lyrics to ' s music . :) will be singing along at tonight ! !
who's watching american idol ? ( :
i had to go on the mobile website ( :
montezuma is such a beautiful song .
love ppl who act hard on fb ! haha
just ordered my up . its been awhile since i have been this excited for a new gadget .
bravo to 4 sharing w/ us some of the mean things people have tweeted about him during other keynotes . we're not worried .
your welcome ! thank u for the ride to the roof !
at least you're not on the floor in front of the men's bathroom sucking down dunkin donuts waiting for your phone to charge ?
final hours of oral exam prep commences #deepbreath t-5 hours
learning to enchant and engage in social media from event w/ guy kawasaki
thanks for the rt !
hey qua haven't talked 2 u n a min , kiss my nephew 4 me :)
i'm on your facebook friend list
hopefully after what did , less people will say horrible things thinking they can hide behind a computer .
i really hate ungrateful people! ! !
yes , caro's massive lbj bio could have been shorter by a third . but then it would have been written by another author .
tour & facts by cell phone at the miami seaquarium . good sponsorship opportunity .
i've never seen a faster drive thru than the chick fil et on waters ave . in tampa . yeah !
the padaass is king of all things . the pada-ass and the acklesface . they are the gods of my idolatry .
where should i start looking for auditions ? any tip on how to find agents/managers would be great .
rt : rt : happy birthday to my sis in law ! !
" : uh , oh . someone wanting to know if we're giving google our stuff with calendars . bah . #il2011" . will come up tho
could not be more excited for my much needed hair appt !
happy monday ! what did everyone do this weekend ?
#caps will have to dig deeper now than franchise history indicates they can
much appreciated ! #creative group , #recording artist , and web
where are u ?
this may be real good for nyj ! tebow has an influence , and once it blankets rexryan , shall become a more focused head coach
hi tweeps hope everyone is enjoying this beautiful , windy saturday .
they want to hear you sing
note sure how this early to rise routine is working out . i wanna retire by 3pm .
thanks for the easter egg hunt , at least i can say i found 100% of the eggs !
tonight ! sticky lips w/ audioinflux . free & music drops at 9:30 . it's where 2 be in ra-cha-cha . bring dancing shoes .
19 man u look a little older .
it might be a little goofy , but i'm super excited for my first flight on the famed
rip junior seau . what a tragedy !
does anyone know why the #geneva isn't open 24 hours ?
let me know how it goes ? !:d
it would be the greatest day of my life if you guys followed me , please ? ( : <3
the significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking which created them . ~ albert einstein
who in the hell is j . cole ?
had a blast at #goodeatscookingclasses today ! created some amazing salads perfect for summer !
#rhoareunion nene doesn't want to talk about dildos because it just brings bad memories for back in the day when she was riding a pole
rip les paul
have the republicans taken a united stand for the improvement of quality of life for the poor and the middle class ? nld mom/cancer survivor
has my market comments for this correction . don't buy the dips . cnbc keeps looking for the bottom . amazing . the bear lives
i'm liking living in vegas so far . my family is here and it's pretty laid back ! !
nothing the whole day i felted bad as hell then i took medicine and fell asleep now i feel better :)
no one is too old to dream
follow me!/(
if only . . .
overheard (cuz i'm not allowed to attribute it) : wordswordswordswhy does everybody have to pee in a toilet ? wordswordswords
okay , now i did lol
thanks for the ff , and ! happy dandelion day !
i love just about every james cagney movie & 1961 billy wilder film " one , two , three " is no exception . funny cold war humor & smart dialogue
rt : proposed stage 2 mu rules went to office of federal register this morning but won't be posted until tomorrow
wow . . . .what a day yesterday . . . and team . ..amazing dinner in hw hills . ..its time . .
wanting to give up but can't <
and i want a pet guinea pig
tis true , has turned me into a #football junky !
doesn't a conversation involve listening ? lol ! ;)
i would want a couple vicodins too , if i had to deal with kids all day .
i'm very jealous . sounds so tasty !
rt : digging the lounge lizards " no pain for cakes ' deep record , works on a lot of levels john lurie is a great artist - me too !
it's a rainy morning in #baltimore , and i'm happy because now i don't have to go to the car wash .
haha i did ! i was lmao
sometimes that is a lie too . folks just don't want the responsibility .
we will be sending an email and stopping by real soon :)
*raises hand* rt " : lowkey if i figure out how to go to another planet who wants to come with ? e__e "
oh my gosh tonight . >>>
the flyer says 8 but i'm driving straight up after class , why don't you come to the one tomorrow at respects its closer
you know you're a music nerd when : your doodle turns out to be the circle of fifths .
have a great weekend everybody , and happy mother's day !
#beatboston stat and melo will do damage !
awesome ! glad you enjoyed eric's talk . keep in touch and let us know if you have any questions about our technology . cheers .
i'm sorry :o y u no sleep moar
i've reached my limit i will follow all you back tomorrow :*
but does anyone know a good theme for tumblr guisee ?
thanks to , tj rosene , randi peterson , and uie garcia for taking the atl clinic to another level . we have some great r&r coaches .
how many times are you goons going to call me to re-up even after i told them to remove my number ?
too late , you just missed song of the colorado . working with kids now and showing them how to set up cameras .
forgiven for my sins , god is my saviour but the question is , is he yours . ?
it is one of life's bitterest truths that bedtime so often arrives just when things are really getting interesting .
wouldn't be complete without some island <3
found a doritto in the front pocket of my scrubs . it's gonna be a good day .
i'm not sure my mustache should be allowed at this nine year olds volleyball game . . .
hey guess what , you are beautiful! ! <333 :)
jen! ! ahh how's usf ? and all your internships ! ? i have a new job ! haha you probably knew this :d
i'm not exactly an adventurous eater .
i know i'm trying to be strong , this is gonna suck ! omfg well atleast in 6 months we can see him whenever<3
2 hours of glee tonight ? ! i can't handle it
wordswordswords : quick question for all the tweeps . how much open championship coverage will you watch ? about 4 hours or so
though i'm doing a church tour the non-profits and dv shelters are really wanting me to come and speak .
i played album so much that it broke and i had to get another one .
bummer . i'll be there tomorrow from 11-1 if he's going to be around .
what did i do now ? and dont even talk ms . " dont come out for my birthday the one time im in dallas "
anthony , thank you for the wonderful shout out ! i will do the same .
i'd love to read a copy when it's ' share ready ' as i like to say .
staying up til the birds started chirping was my way of saying i didn't want the weekend to end .
it will be interesting to see how it plays out ! still not convinced the balcony is a great place to see a show there .
jb can sing but his voice truly pisses me off . and so does his music . sorry . just because you like him doesn't mean he's good .
when does brady retire ? maybe gisele will want him home soon for keeps .
listening to kristan stanfill this morning great way to start the day wordswordswordswordswordswords
true . or we would get the really adventurous customers !
lol . just keep watching
amen ! rt : the necessity of our now is encouragement .
representing yapstar gangsta rap in my hipster hood willy b .
happy first day of fall everyone!! ! rt just realized today is the first day of fall! ! yayyyyy
thanks brady
please check out our new website . if you go from a mobile device it will direct you to the mobile site . to see the full site go from a pc .
i dig your work , pal !
in the studio working on new song w is gonna be loving this one! ! !
any qbs out there wanna throw hit me up
i don't know what i did to my foot but it hurts to walk . :(
not really , if you look up shots to take the lead or tie in crunch time , lebron has him beat by a lot . and i hate kobe soo much !
rest in peace sarah we will never forget you ! !
itunes quit urking me wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
really pissed off rite now
rt : remember the geminid meteor shower peaks tonight . if you have clear skies - enjoy the views !
i need some
so did you make it to sketch up or shut up ? if so , what was your favorite sketch ?

heres my number so call me maybe wordswordswords
it occurs to me a goodly amount of death metal is lyrically indistinguishable from emo .
oxford property group is pleased to announce that sercan atalay has joined as a licensed salesperson
first day of class done , now i'm on my way to *gulp* le mart of wall to get some toiletries and ramen til friday . xoxo
happy feet 2 was the cutest movie ever
the epic jersey-new york nhl conference semifinals begins in about 2 hours . let's get after it rangers .
so jj abrams is filming the next star trek - i am just enough of a geek to be really excited about this !
the train is cheap , gets you tower city (~20min ride) , but you'd have to walk to the hotel from there ~15-20min
want your name on my bio ?
not anymore lol where is that place at ? c :
: tell mario to unblock me :p
it's been a while since i've updated my iphone . any new iphone apps you would recommend ?
sorry world i have to isolate myself from all of you .
a woman is like a teabagwordswordswordsonly in hot water do you realize how strong she is . nancy reagan
i dont wanna get left behind again
you don't know what you got till its gone
justin bieber likes captain crunch ! with berries!!! ! what a hottiewordswordswords
other than just youu .
cool . you from there ? like it there ?
#free tans all day sat 3/10 ! walk-ins welcome ! #seasonpremieredaywordswordswords
people are dirty . i'm laying out in my yard it's obvious you're a perv when you turn down my dead end road and then turn around at the end .
knicks hopefully over nets tonite . find a point guard ! !
you are entitled to your opinion , it just could have been offencive to some people , including me . so i spoke up .
right ! but i'm struggling the same . i think that rational arguments only get you so far when attempting to provoke change
hello kelly , i would like to ask you about an appearance at one of our events . please contact me asap .
#wsulawsbclinic junction small bus cntr 2nd friday each month , help w biz formation and contracts visit friday or call 577 9429
sounds awesome , got the dm ! see you then( :
thanks peter ! rt : excited about ! if you're not following , be sure you do . great announcements almost daily !
of course , i do the same thing . i always think " man ! i'm glad i'm already sitting in the dark in silence! "
good night!! . . have a nice sleep . . . ;)
i would never tell any company how to pay or treat their employees . police/fire/emergency workers don't face scrutiny either . why teachers ?
i do
overpriced deal coming soon rt celtics and bulls have shown " serious interest " in free agent josh howard . ..yahoo ! sports
good morning frnds . .have a nice weekend! ! !
i think its soo funny when im txting someone and they say " thats so beast " lol . . . . .
welcome betty !
mca :( like a lemon to a lime , a lime to a lemon .
on tv ? ! #awesome congrats !
i'm having a #dilbert-esque moment .
lol ! at least you can see that he does that with everybody that interviews him .
i'm off today what is there to do ?
some crime has gone down . thefts and break ins are up actually . walker has balanced the budget and not raised taxes .
many kind words coming back on the new posters . we do plan on making them available in the future . thanks for all the support horror lovers
when i'm done she hold me like a conversation ~ weezy baby
wordswordswords wordswordswords that moment when you're reading old messages and you're thinking " where did we go wrong . .wordswordswordswordswordswords
you look like a person i wouldn't want to have tea and some sort of cracker with
i think my subjects are just naturally small -- rooms , people , words . perhaps this will keep me relatively unproduced .
no sleep ( :
arkansas ' defense has been unstoppable in the second half . buckeyes are looking nervous .
thanks sir ! i'll be down for capital fringe so perhaps our paths will cross !
hmm . . i'm not sure , but i think that i took that pic last weekend . was not this . maybe on 28/29 april
rt thank you social media for fueling my narcissism and then profiting off of it .
each week we'll be writing about post-season essentials including : your post-season meeting , weight/accel program , individual wkouts & more
have a great weekend and remember to stay safe !
i hate when it haves this stupid updates .
this is a fact brother !
this derby weekend was successful !
all the guys that gave other guys titty twisters in high school are now addicted to a scummy drug .
what's everyone doing for the superbowl ? hope you all have a great night !
good choice to include dad ! i got to hear some great old engineering shenanigans this weekend :)
this week is gonna be fun ! time to bring the pain !
just keep fighting . remembering i'm blessed .
lol . whelp i don't know anything about science being a lady so it must be true !
hell ass dont need no kite (loud pack shawty)
amsterdam and paris was fun !
do it ! i'll throw in some extra goodies for the tweet ! :)
remembering dad and grampa , and admiring all the great fathers she knows among family and friends . bless you for all you do .
for real right ? also , less characters than fiancwordswords .
just caught my mom rockin out to call me maybe
thank you very much for the reply and thank you for your service to our country and if you have facebook and myspace please read my profile
what is your opinion of michael saunders hitting 2nd in the lineup ?
its snowin like cray cray outside & its cold a boul of soup for dinner would be nice :)
s/o to at the 2012 white house correspondents ' dinner . tough to be funny in a room full of ppl like that . .why is kim k there . .
pancakes make you feisty .
no worries . was all over the place . great event !
haven't tweeted my man in a min . <3
but . what . if . i'm sick of sake
twilight zone
i look forward to my new passport photo . shouldn't have smiled .
how are you sir ? hope things are good . say hi the next time you are in austin !
where r u from haiti ?
milk was a bad choice
september line up : 16th & celebrating ' s birthday wordswordswords 23rd wordswordswords 30th
we are looking for a summer pr intern . know anyone who might be interested ?
you always up this early ?
wordswordswords : " : how often do you ignore a call ? " everydaywordswordswords everyday ! ?
leg . today at 630 : senate passes cracker bill , with house filling vacancies plus report on succession resolution
think those storms tomorrow will hold off until after 2pm ?
jackie robinson played his first game with the dodgers on april 15 , 1947 . here's to you , jackie !
we are experimenting with playing larger numbers of picks to see what the effect is for hard-to-win games (30 instead of 20) .
thanks jazmin for following us :d xoxo
that one is the best i've seen across my feed so far . kudos .
i miss the days when shannan would bring in a fa and not let them leave until they signed with the broncos . . .
lush confections will be at the beer & food truck rally , may 19th ! come on out to st . pete and get your fix . :-)
missed pretty little liars . . . :o
mom just saw this . . .
i like this one . great work !
favorite book ? mine is galapagos .
. great concept , look forward to checking out your app and i know a few people who could help expand to upstate ny
amen ! yes ma'am :)
the editors of guinness world records once again named itself the most guinness-y book !
it's like when we all moved from friendster to myspace to fb . not being able to move your friend list is a feature , not a bug .
miss you too ! i'm about to dm you my new #
only 45 more days =( so sad but can't wait to see my friends! ! !
still amazed even after seeing it again
i'm jus messin with u mr sensitive
is at the chsa convention brushing up on voice tx skills ! all day ceu then reuniting w/ old classmates !
lakers need to etch a sketch tonight's game
get it together and come ready to play on monday .
according to kessler's research , sugar , fat & salt is used by the food industry to essentially create an insatiable appetite for more food
hookah lounge tell 1 then smoke then bed oh and eat
awesome ! i am trying to find research on student outcomes who do this type of thing , but not seeing much .
wow i really must stop using the subway exit that plops me out next to auntie anne's pretzels :-/
highlight of the day , that is following me on twitter . low point , to learn he also follows meatloafrecipes & catladysavestheday
were off to a great start , we have had over 800 downloads of our lite version thank you all for helping to get the word out !
#flyunion is the best group ever
i would like to know how to go about broadcasting with impact network . please inbox me the info , thanks ! and god bless !
are u listening to one time ?
or longtime friend ?
pleaz follow and rt and kimmie sheldon is off the chain disney ! lets get her lots of follows pleeeeeeeeeeaz
oh snap 4 of my fav cousins are on twitter
no , but i did toast you on untappd ;-) .
in life we cannot do great things . we can only do small things with great love .
worth the wait . fantastic book .
i know it's week one but fin nice!! ! !
i just posted a well deserved , glowing review of #winningthecustomer on amazon . it's a great book , lou !
i've decided to be a coffee-drinker again . or maybe my baby and wife decided for me .
tres groovy tunes daily . reminds me of they might be giants ' ploy in the 80s .
please don't see me . please don't see me . please don't see me . " hey! " crap .
im so going away for college decision made no one can change my mind
guys im taking my wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords the mcdonalds so bye
i wanna make you feel wanted . <33
idk what to say . . .
we're the only coolest . very much . all the way .
having read your tl , i'm greatly curious as to what you would find inappropriate ? ;-)
way to string people on !
in a world gone crazy only a lunatic is truly insane . - homer simpson
please don't cut tavarres jackson . rt matt flynn's the newest seahawk . . . we're fired up to bring him to seattle !
are you thinking about running the lfm ?
" ad hoc " is sloppy sounding ; " emergent " sounds smart
who has photoshop cs5 ? yeah , that would be me . thank you , roger ! <3
when robins eat too many honeysuckle berries at once , they become . ..well . ..drunk . holiday partying ? ops . . .
i have to respect kobe's numbers . but as a person .
i like proper scottish girls who are fat with big tits and swine pig noses . have you guys seen those ?
rt : chattanooga started planning their first fiber deployment 15 years ago . vision and persistence brings success .
i have way too many #reasonstosayamen . great to see such a positive thought trending , though .
below the brim needs to know a drupal developer . . . i want a new theme . . .
the pro-love march was a huge success . thank you wsbtv for covering the event .
i don't have time to please everyone , i barley have enough time to please myself .
producers if i told you on blazetrak to hit me up - hit me now i'll dm u my email
what's the next closest venue ? indy ? we usually only get 2 but were making it our vacation this year .
my email is on the left side bar of my blog after the introduction . but i'll get you updated - thanks !
*answers* hey *smiles* invite everybody you can .
if u need to say somthin to me i'd advice u do it promptly b4 it becomes too late .
i got a 6 page essay in mla format wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords .
is anything you post *not* brilliant ?
he hates michael bay ,
guys , if you can't treat her right , don't be surprised when someone else does . *true*
gots to keep it $
i have no idea what i'm doing with my life .
deaffromdicks.com is the best url ever .
sorry i havent posted in so long ive been on vacation out of the country . hit me up and lets talk business . 818 661 8712
the same could be said of bukkkanan re poc
did you find the yearbook stash in the library storage room ?
i am making a playlist for the farm bill . it's going to be amazing .
congrats ! the raffle winner is ek , lauren !
what ever happened with ?
is it october yet ? rt : i miss ducks hockey .
how the young appear to say riot girl w/out irony .
big bill's been compared to huey long + boss tweed , but some say i'm closest to pt barnum . i agree ! we both gave the people what they want !
question from the audience about meeting the needs of students with print format disabilities .
not in terms of reporters competing to see who's the biggest fan . just you wait , you'll see i'm right one day .
somewhere a meter maid is ruining someone's morning .
today's tip : when lifting weights , donwordswordst grip the weights too hard . too hard of a grip can raise your blood pressure .
she stuffs her bra with toilet paper , and she wantsta call me fake ?
in the " multimedia projects and liberal education competencies " panel at
i wake up in feel empty man
stfu before i have to keep it real
now i got these rappers all breakin up a sweat , cuz everytime i get up on the mic i come correct !
has anbody ever finished thirty six in enough time to put them all on one cd , i just might be the first lol
wen u ain't making money , u spending it ! #life '
who's that ugly creep in the background ?
cool ! could you please link me to that blog post about #asexuality on #house ?
thank you , i will ! but only after this kid gets a little coffee in her ! haha ! :)
awww i miss u too ! have fun at the strip joint haha
liked b-franklin's idea on liberty ? what about his #wine theory ? " it makes living easier , less hurried , w/ fewer tensions & more tolerance.wordswordswords
the #nyrangers are on a tear . this is the first time all season the word isn't being used to describe a body part of someone on the team . . .
it will happen soon enough young sir . :-)
ok cutie i can do that .
pierce looks frustrated . forced that last shot .
8ball&mjg tonight where d f#%k u at
it was tough watching the #mallards get only one hit tonight before i left after the 5th inning .
why is it that the cat always wants to cuddle into the guy (me) who is allergic to it ? inquiring minds want to know .
yeah , it was definitely mine first ! but i miss you , so just take it . . .
need to compare your company's privacy policy with cloud vendor's t & c ' s to avoid ftc ( and other ! ) issues .
i'm rockij with you
stealing kids ' lucky charms for charity ?
i promise i will sleep today . i don't have a fever but i hope i didn't put anyone on the dl hanging w/ them last night
please ! i'm all the man that needs !
are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside ?
thx pencil lead is simpler to find !
a little bit of tennis should be fun on a sunday . .
follow your honest convictions , and stay strong .
she's on the swings
i chose to watch the wrong heat game . -.- first shot in and lee is already on the floor . -_-
agree and surface is a mess.but nadal set up this scenario with his earlier gripping about the color
. no not " working " just learning at the moment but i have made it on the air a few times ! !
i'm slowly dying . . . and my legs r killing me bc of the mile . .
who killed all the sudanese & the rhwandans ? i am not responsible for what someone with a similar skin color did 150 years ago .
tough choice tomorrow as the #blazers play their last home game and face #kamloops in game 7 at the coliseum ! which one ?
hard to take that twitter name seriously
you're welcome :)
they are . . . not .
congratulations to who unwittingly just became our 3,000th follower ! sorry we weren't running a contest . :(
headed for dc ?
happy mothers day everyone!! ! !
if i can't make it dawg! , then ima take it dawg !
bringing a baby to class
rebuking the spirit of nervousness this morning with my beautiful wife in prayer . " whom shall we fear but the lord ? "
you sicken me
my neck , my back , lick my pussy and my crack .
what happened ? !
wordswordswords : #rams win!wordswordswords . 59-56 over drexell . the run continues again !
music , business , music , business , which one comes first ? off to record new song with mixman shawn eastern vibe can't wait to share happy day
love you .
yay ! i love it out here :)
always feels good to get some swings in .
i hate creeps
i hate school so much .
beautiful day ! and what better way to spend it than sitting for hours at lax waiting for our flight . wtf vacation . . .
2015 super bowl awarded to arizona ! congrats !
lol , no threats
it's friday!!!! ! try our chorizo burger w/ lettuce , tomato , poblano , avocado , cheese and coa mayo or one of our other delicious specials!! ! !
is going to sign #ndaa ? american citizens indefinitely detained for being suspicious ? what country is this ?
hopefully all of the passionate progressives who didn't reach the finish line tonight continue onwards . . . we need them !
nasty as hell though .
ready ! rt : are you just sitting around like it's a normal day ? come on let's go ! it's a practice day ! we gotta crank it up ! !
why ? just why ? yes , it can be done ! 10 ways to start your day w/o caffeine : .
thanks - i crossed paths with them on my way back inside .
goin to the park with my bff . . .
students who stand with walker are begging for their tuition to go up and the quality of their schools to go down . its not working with us
if packers had a rb like legarrette blount,a-rod would break all the records he just set .
follow back ? :d
dam i wish i culd delete som of my mentions
from now on just equate lenox with cookies and you will always remember to hit me up first lol rt : aww man wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
took a big step backwards as a team today . disappointing that we let opportunity slip by . too concerned about things beyond our control .
the architect wouldn't put money in it for no reason . have you seen the polls lately ? i smell defeat for the left .
mr bickell . ..i hope you know all the bad stuff i may have said about you in the past were merely just jokes! ! !
wordswordswords : hahaha , this is awesomewordswordswords thank ya sir . please help however you can to get it out there
that moment when you look at your crush and saw that they were looking at you first .
loved seeing you and tonight . muah !
not saying he isn't good , but the point of the game is to score and there are plenty of players that have done that better
this stupid ad made me miss a part of the ustream
rt : grant park ! summerdance is my favorite with free hour lessons before
: zukes ? yum , love the salmon ! thought i sniffed something . . . was just heading to bed !
chaz bono = my hero .
hope everyone had a great thanksiving ! back to work to try and crawl out of our food comas :)
has cuckold ace been up to bat yet ?
rode 17.1 mi on route ' work & home' , in n/a (avg : 0 mph) on my 2009 gary fisher bike .
yep it's on my youtube !
we're on our way baltimore , tonight!! ! hope to see all you lovely folks there ;)
thats it . . . when i have a son . . . ima name em after me manuel joshua de la cruz :)
you know you are #inthehood when your portable gps says , wordswordswordsdrive faster and put me under the seat.wordswordswords
just found out i'm #6 on the country chart for wausau , wisconsin ! woo !
i just want to know how you guys are promoting your online business besides twitter . skype me to tell me more id gotthetrick later guys
i am so full
thank you old lady
theres more than miles in my rear view :/
now those are just the kind of titties that make my friday night as sexy as can be tex ! have a fabulous evening ! xoxo
would really like more vegan restaurants that do not serve fake meat !
join ' s brian larsen on friday for a special presentation about pixar's latest film , brave . 6-7 , pho 206 . rsvp :
to all who say one direction is 5 justin biebers , please shutup ! there all different ! your just jealous that your not any 1d or jb ! :)
damn , time to do some last minute cleaning jic .
very happy to , though 90% of my answers will be " compost it" . the other 10% will be " add more shredded paper to the compost " .
hope everyone's having a great little 5 week ! don't forget , baked appreciation day is this thursday til sundown ! free cookies ! please rt
bradford at home if he's healthy , fitz at home , tebow @ home . ..anyone else i'd imagine has to be rostered or really sucks
super sore throat . . . .any ideas to make it feel better ?
well as soon as you figure it out let me know .
do i have permission to take my son to see the avengers tonight or is it too violent .
haven't been here much . hope everyone is doing good :)
liar so it was true !
oh i know who he is i was just making a funny .
you are welcome rt : thank you for shout out !! ! !
im so bored!!! ! help me fix this problem!! ! !
behind my smile , hides a story full of pain .
thank goodness that nbc rumor was false . whew !
we don't have a cover unless we reach max occupancy :-)
oh i kind of liked it , but it was thoroughly ridiculous .
dehydrated assorted mushrooms , heavy cream , brandy , touch of tarragon , cardamom . off the top of my head .
in denial about my physics test .
massillon . ne part of the state
good friday morning ! anyone else heading to #cfaleadercast ? i'm looking forward to hearing from the world's best leaders cc :
totally hear ya
audition went exactly as well as i had hoped it would ! now i wait .
i can describe the avengers in one word
#join @ nychunt.com to get the prize @ fulton st n rockwell ave near b.a.m .
i am quite impressed and amazed at how good natured almost everyone on this train has been in spite of a nearly 2 hour delay on a friday .
shout out to for making traffic bearable with this crazy pill mix ! keep killing it jude !
we do uzzz .
you are right to focus on debt , but you shouldn't call it a bad mortgage . it is a massive tax increase which hasn't ben paid yet !
haha that's too funny , got an evil twin on the loose .
not me :( but i'm coming back to teen hoot ! woo! ! :d
congrats on making the final 4! ! !
welp , this sweet tea vodka ain't gonna drink itself .
needs to give the indiana pacers more credit and stop acting like they're a nobody 5th best record in the league
but it's in nj
i just screamed loll ! well montreal is waiting for you boys<3
congrats on killing it with another outstanding #sobewff !
ot in fla . good luck devs and cats - i'm going to bed
nice drum work at the #oscars ! ! :) you've got talent !
so i'm now watching think like a man and is a funny as movie
#justdance2 is fun as hell . good cardio too
kd has the only gm winner that i can recall rt who would you say is an example of " clutch " right now in the playoffs ?
thanks for the mention
can u do me a favor ? iwant a fansign from u's and ican do a fansign for u's . . please message if u want to talk to me
wordswordswords : trust requires unanswered questions.wordswordswords
" if you wanna study 4 million yr old skulls & think you're doing science , go for it . " - guy " proving " obama is osama because of their hands .
thank you !
serious gaming : have students develop a game for deep learning of a topic .
tweeting warm birthday wishes to ! enjoy your day !
have fun over there in chicago ! i heard you are expecting a huge audience . cya back in nyc monday or tuesday .
rt it's cool doing what i want lol// as usual! ! lol
i'd say it's likely he's still booting up his original brain stem each morning .
it was a great joy to work on this wonderful audiobook project this year ! thank you .
we want to know what are some of your favorite spots to visit in atlanta ? restaurants , lounges , clubs , bars , parks , etc . .
" : happy mothers day to my mom and my bestfriend's mom who's like a second mom to me :) #hotbestfriends " tell momma
#ripbiggie 15 yrs ago today , 1 of the most influential mc's the game has ever witnessed died !
right now we're working on a concert 2 benefit haiti on feb 11 . pls stay tuned as we determine where volunteer help is needed
good lookin out appreciate the support
and if you listen to the podcast , he's not messing around . he's being very , very serious .
#pain in my neck ! literally .
is anyone doing anything exciting for #stpaddys tomorrow ?
do you tweet all your articles ? i want my life to be interrupted when you post something .
rt : the day i notice a cyclist obey a stop sign is the day i'll stop enjoying watching them bounce off my hood .
myc adult leaders don't forget we have a meeting tonight 6pm ! spread the word !
feeling kind of sick ugh !
wedding then stephen's prom . today is gonna be fun :)
" you try scowling while someone shakes their money-maker in your face "
love for showing the end of this possible
is attending the 6th annual silk road conference on july 20th in chicago .
no sir . i follow you !
finally in bed . today seemed like a 36 hour time block .
yeah bruh he is . . but wtf ! ! happen at end . .kobe was tryin to do to much . .
ann worked the hardest and longest hours any woman could . she is very qualified !
training already for next season basketball:)
i just wanna move already .
lol i just ripped those stereotypes to shreds huh ;) i beat the cop ! i should get out of any/all tickets for life lol . thanks ! !
hope all is well with you , too ! xo
i'm about to just tell him i'll see him later
broadway bar! ! $500 bikini contest,$1.00 margaritas all night,ggw crew & mr.gameshow,it can get better than that arrive early this friday ! !
follow us dave <333
you are a man of my own heart .
what's your favorite dessert ? rocky road ice cream ? double chocolate marble cheesecake ? we want to know !
you're welcome . looking forward to the tweets
#onlytruemahomies can type ' s name with their eyes closed ! i can :)
temple grandin is on twitter ! follow her at
thanks for the recent rts:)
" time is only right when you make it right . if you just sit and wait , the right time will never come "
wordswordswordsa friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself-and especially to feel , or not feel "
happy birthday!wordswordswords
what up cuz ? how's the leg ?
in that case you should look at putting on your team for the outdoors . she needs her break .
lord love a good busker . <3
thanks , that hard work pays off eventually :)
make up your mind follow me or don't ! !
and they said illinois isn't an nfl factory . . .
you just popped in my head when i checked it out . i am strange , you know this ! :-)
i have echofon as well , but prefer to use twitteriffic .
good ! just dealing with school ! how are you ?
we are going to be mixing it the week of july 12th so it will be finished by the end of the month but i think we might wait
lord we lift your name high in all the earth! ! !
no , no . no . it's not good if people know that i have a sense of humor ! ;)
i'm thinking someone ought to warn apple :d
ok i guess we will go see you ! !
had an amazing time yesterday just sitting in urban outfitters , reading the funny books , & laughing my ass off with a handsome man .
would you like to talk to me again or are you just waiting for me to make the first move ?
upgrade your life this year , not just your gadgets .
rt : b/c vader turned to the dark side , obi wan did not make ayp that year
time to get ready for skool c :
travail newark are currently ranking number two in newark's best loved business! ! please vote on best of . . . and make us number one
mayor gimenez said he's not upset over union appealing ex-fire captain's demotion for facebook comments . " that's their job "
seeking models ( of all ethnicities) for upcoming television segments . send info & pics to
did you know that the boca chica naval air station has taken up the florida key ? the location was selected due to great weather conditions .
we shall be in poznan again !
i have really sharp pains between my neck and shoulders :(
ppl bring all these other issues into it . i don't . i'm a pragmatist - use a condom ! cheap , easy to use , directions included . . .
awesome . i was poking around a bit on the db site and getting a bit perplexed by the options .
yes , the if supports sopa
and marcus allen mostly road the bench his last few years in oakland without injury , making him younger than his years
its " sneaking suspicion "
this is real life . ..this was real is like !
#omega-3 improves neuronal activity , and you find it in blue-colored fish , trout , sardines , salmon and tuna .
thanks for following ! :) greatly appreciate you !
#iusetothink i was the best rapper ever until i started producing music , now every rapper sounds like the 21 yr old me . ..to me .
just back from germany . great trip . i think i drank my thrice my body weight in bier . also , beautiful country . makes houston look like crap .
what's a jingle ball , carlos ?
happy friday : no particular theme or focus today - tgif! ! !
quote of the day : " when you have plans cancelled at the last minute , just say fine and make better plans . "
scrambled eggs with out ketchup just doesn't taste right :/
i don't wanna mess this thing up , i don't wanna push too far wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
and getting not that much production from elton brand
so you aren't on uk warped ?
let's go yanks . gotta kick em when they're down !
we spent 4 hrs in prospect park with 5 y/o twins & a 10 y/o (+ parents) . came home & weeded , spaded & swept outside . um , whose life is this ?
a bowl of creamy curry carrot soup with a grilled cheese and a pot of ginger lime rooibos would hit the spot tonight
follow me to victory , and i will lead you to success
gonna do the duggie and call all my friends bc followed meh oh my bieber so happy
anything for a good friend :) hope all is well !
i'm at lobster fest at red lobster with and annabelle . cheese biscuits!! ! plus other stuff .
john cena is going to pop soon . ..why don't ppl like him anymore ! ?
i submit ! resistance was futile ! :-)
prop 8 author : n.c . anti-gay marriage amendment ' goes too far ' david blankenhorn , a supporter and an author of california's proposition 8
update : at least 20 people may have died in domodedovo airport blast
how is the weather . did you go to the walk
time to sleep . 6am is coming up fast . i'm excited to see my ladies . back to back minerals education all day in green bay .
good so far . getting some freelance gigs , hoping for 2 days a week at trader joe's . #cleanuponaisle7! ! !
hi zephyr ! follow back ! and lets meet up soon !
please stop by one night so we can see this batman snuggie that the city is buzzing about! ! !
absolutely that would be awesome
attn : phoenix picassoswordswordswordshave you made any #uchicago-themed draw something doodles ? willing to share ? tweet us your best , + we'll share . thx !
in appx 2003 we wrote nenah cherry () and asked her if she would play ping pong with us . we did not hear back .
thanks for reading and rting that article . really crucial . heard we might be seeing you guys soon . plz make it so !
since ppl can never agree on what the end goal of any mass undertaking is , *all* victories are symbolic . sometimes progress counts .
i cant wait to see it . . . you are the greatest!! ! i love you<3
salsa wednesdays is so much fun ! really thankful for this event ! people dance , drink & truly enjoy themselves . . .
it leaves his hands more free than the pom pomswordswordswords
nice to meet you guys on saturday ! cheers !
all i do is for the glory of god! ! thank you for this blessed day ! tomorrow should be great , as another day awaits !
if you feel a bit anxious about not doing anything when resting , you still have long term stress to unwind .
iphone users : what do you think of the new iphone 4s ?
awww ! i love you too! ! <3
so excited for my first houseparty application !
korea might be winning .
#needinears some of us don't get #headphns on stage like ambrose rt : you always talking about ur voice . . .
i'm in love with you .
sat apr.10th ufc 112 dos gringos chandler , alma school s.of warner dj dbx on the 1's & 2's see ya there peace .
" free but snazzy " tool for making video tutorials : jing . raquel says hardest part of the tutorial she made was script writing .
thanks . the book cover won't be revealed until the release , but my pic is on it . :-) retweet if you liked it .
hey everyone !
i love when people rt me . . .
some people complain that roses have thorns . i am grateful that thorns have roses . ~alphonse karr
so why aren't you following me yet ! ? miss ya !
finally getting some boarding in . ..snow not as good as years past but great nonetheless
hey , sorry for the delay . titanic is not included with that coupon , but there might be deals avail at some point ;-)
spring rolls with peanut sauce ? yes please! ! !
you're welcome . i opened a paper li account . do you know how to add additional headlines/topics ? thanks
tell me why dfish is lovin this right now
it was a great panel ! i found out about it 2 hours before and was glad i could join .
that's kind of a good thing though because the whole city can rally around one team year-round .
the new orleans hornets are hosting the chicago bulls tomorrow at the new orleans arena . get tickets for this exciting game at : 888-493-0004
sunday off!! ! priceless
i was hungry . . . so i ate an apple . . . but now i'm more hungry . . .
i have soccer playoffs tonight!!!<3 you think you use your wise words to help me get ready for it ? <3
you look like you take 3 dicks in the ass , i'm gonna call you 3 dicks , hi 3dicks .
whats good man . . just saying what up since we now on twitter lol together . .
: jeans being too tight on the calves & way too loose on the waist . .
#rbs11 demo'd uploading xml metadata (produced by duke accessioner) straight into excel . takes windows 7.0 . can you do this on a mac ?
the last presidential candidate hillary rosen closely advised was hillary rodham clinton .
google my name and click images and enjoy
i am ! either primo or manny's crabcakes (sorry)
dang , atl airport is huge ! must be 10 active runways . . . the air traffic control people better be caffeinated and on their game !
pile on , who!! ! just like old times .
did you know that dentists are said to have a higher degree of interpersonal skills ? is your dentist also very friendly ?
how you no things are right in the world : #lindsaylohan is playing one of the greatest actresses of all time in a lifetime movie .
inever got to write on it
are you looking for any producers to get beats from ? !
all librarians are certainly equipped w/ the tools (namely a propensity to help others) to be great activists ; i hope yes .
they are not a broken people ! they are strong! ! we need to change how we talk about pts and tbi charge accepted !
that one parent who textes you a million times a day . i mean i love you & all but i need a break .
i & 15,110 other people want dylan at the next tca's . <3 xoxo - justine .
" woke up this mooorniiiiing . . . "
u 2 baby!;) xoxo rt your welcome love . have a great day and weekend .
all the nights i got 4 hours of sleep just to be back at work so i could have what they said i'd never get
hahaha hey you know how you watch movies in history ? well i do to and todays is on greece my favoritee <3 :d
does this count ? we ordered a passat tdi in ' 11 but we have to wait til march ' 12 to get it ! rt rt if you plan to buy a vw in 2012 .
rt : vince young signed with the buffalo bills .
that last tweet was for #nosubtweet lol
its almost killing time i better get sharp . . .
thanks for spreading the word !
in mendenhall at the basketball game
:) rt : the count : 3.1415926535897932384626433832795028841971693993751
i alwayys forget my homework in school . . .
8o that's hard to believe
i think i need to stop drinking entire bottles of wine as my pregame before going to the bars
i mean he nice kuz he from my city ahaha
vikings fans must be miserable , maybe they should watch the human centipede to cheer themselves up !
we just sold out of all grand opening tickets ! can't wait to see you guys at the event .
wordswordswords : lol what ? is jordan in trouble ? !wordswordswords uhmm well we aren't together any more , but that's not about him lol
for i was born beside your waters , & since very young i knew , that my soul had hidden currents , that my soul resembled you . -amwordswordsrico paredes
awesome ! we can't wait to see you again and meet your other cousins !
is that high , low , or about what you would have predicted ?
shoot for diverse environments .
on my way . .where london
got my photographer friend to shoot me . . . soon you will see me all adorable . :)
i'm glad u stand up for whts right & bullying isn't somethin tht is . no one deserves to be bullied in any way . ik the feeling
thank you for your service . wishing you hummus in the future .
mega-nutrients , augmentation therapy-sometimes known as orthomolecular medicine uses supplemental minerals , vitamins & etc from your vet
how exciting ! have fun !
#neverapologizefor saying what you feel . that's like saying sorry for being real .
among teens surveyed in a harris interactive poll , over half (56%) said they would be interested in viewing mobile ads with incentives .
time to flip the script !
no one wants to hang with boring people! ! show people the real you ! don't hold back !be crazy be wacky be live be comfortable being you !
headed to the clubhouse pool in westlake . <3 time to get my tan on & swim ! :d
yes i will most likely be able to . plz send me taking points
i love boyfriend baby
to all my tweeps . . . .luv ya , appreciate ya and enjoy ya!!! ! !
s/o to for not givin that dukie #chump any props .
can't wait for june , london , france , thailand , australia ! so excited !
theyre yelling at you .
i was at one , and the ladies were horrible to everyone in that room . dmvs in this state need completely revamped windowsnt is not ok .
san diego ! get to right now- ms walk fundraiser w/live music & happy hr all night !
they will tear your heart into pieces . i know , i'm a survivor . i won't get into the gingers .
there's some beautiful options on woodburn .
#nowsinging " boyfriend " by to my boyfriend lol
: just go and be with him/her . have heard that's much better than words .
i love having a high metabolism .
contemptuous , dishonest & who-knows-what-else eric holder wants to sue sheriff joe arpaio ? gvmafbrk .
*shakes your hand* i am alright you nick
best movie of #tff was #whilewewerehere , a gem of unassuming beauty .
good morning ! coffee is tasting quite delicious right now . ..can't wait to get back to the track tomorrow !
i think social media builds and sustains momentum for reality tv shows -especially during a hiatus . talk abt biting the hand that feeds you .
i just told a beautiful girl " there is nothing good for you in that vending machine " lol #ballsy !
but you'll take me right ?
geez . ..my heart goes out to the 7yr old little girl family who's body was found today . .
i want another one of those oreo sundaes it's hot af too ! !
back when crocs were big .
she humpin my butt
an error will propagate its parent scopes upwards until a scope is found on which a boundary error event is defined that matches-as in life .
i will be retweeting the most hilarious brad and angelina tweets . . . stand by . . .
20 more followers till 300!!! ! please follow
kinda surprised with some of the tony nominations , not gonna lie but that leading actor in a musical category is cut throat ! !
- just now saw you're moving to amsterdam . what for ? semi-related : i have an old song called " damster " about my short time there in ' 92
it's also ou/tex weekend . trying very hard to decide which to do . ..we already have tix to mm ! arrrgh !
oh holidays . getting started at the tonight !
i love kaiser !
have a lot of fun ( : i might go to defying gravity today
attend the july 19th school board meeting -- stand up for pe . 7 pm . 501 n . dixon st
thanks for doing the show ! have fun in augusta this weekend !
great meeting you too thanks!rt : nice meeting your at #folsomtweetup . i'll let my friend know about you ! :-)
my blog ? you mean my uncle's kitchen ? heh . . . yeah , you probably won't ! it's hard to get some quality crawfish in boston :-)
#pennstate students , rioting will not accomplish anything . don't make our university look any worse .
customer service=fail . after eight years as a customer , i'm jumping ship for another company .
if you like iconic boys and one direction go follow:)
faux agitators will be dressed as exaggerated leftist clichwordswordss . have cameras ready .
will u be my girlfriend ?
#youwerecooluntil you decided not to read any more books
speaking of which , i hate being a psychology major sometimes , because everything becomes a diagnosis .
don't sh me ! you sh !
#highlife yesterday night .
good morning . remember , don't just follow your dreams , chase them down !
can i have a shoutout ?
not much , went ham w/
merry christmas john !
thanks for the shout out my dear . ..see you soon .)
join us for happy hour this friday and enter to win a pair of tickets to see van halen!! ! !
whoever has experienced this will understand . i think that all those who pray with at least a moderate degree of attention experience this .
are colleges really preparing our kids for the workplace ?
just participated in a social media #mpwebinar with the #rpo team ! excited to try out some new tips !
who doesn't !
final day for blue chip award applications . good luck to everyone who has applied so far !
those were the fastest awards i have ever been to
i'll slow it down dramatically next time . :)
i agree with you re : finding common ground . and i suspect most people on both sides do too .
you may be right . it has been a long time since i've seen colon , but i recall thinking to myself , " slow feet , should be a g "
see you today at the meeting on lep patient practices ! looking forward to being a part of it .
saturdays at tonight we have on the decks ! arrive early !
this the first girl that got feelin like this !
happy thanksgiving everyone . . .
itwordswordswordss not fair for bama to want the rich to pay more taxes . they have given a ton of money to politicians so they would not have to do that .
i don't think about it.wordswordswords
#thevoice - i don't think juliet has been picking the right songs . she should have sang janis joplin , joan jett etc . . .
fyi celtics ; i'm locked-in to a family outing on saturday . so there just can't and won't be a game 7 . finish it tonight . . . .lol
join us at lincoln's this evening from 5:30 to 6:30 p.m . for our st . patrick's day manager's reception ! enjoy a mashed potato bar & beer .
rt : houston , you will have a problem . . . . . again .
working on a couple things now . i'll send you a link when it's finalize . what kind of video's have you done ?
thanks for the follow ! :)
i'm heading to the post office first thing in the morning!! ! :)
i did something i wasn't supposed to do today and thought of you . :)
then drink at home
sorry for being cool ;) x
~want to golf with oprah's stedman in chicago ? hit up tesseler dillon
sec'y napolitano on the phone , says that if " mama ain't gettin her airplane , heads will roll . . . "
my cat also fits .
wanna work today ?
nope you are the one who clearly forgets about us . ..like that time i really wanted to go skating but you forgot =( *tears*
so over school . can i please just drink these last few weeks and hang out with my sisters ?
haha . will do . please tell nene & nancy proctor i said hi (and not necessarily in that order) . :)
mitchell from swamp people died #wordswordswords
1 of my faves ! rt wordswordswords : if you still haven't tried the marzen you definitely should ! it's an outstanding spring beer.wordswordswords
good morning to recent follows and new friends and have a great day .
i read the teleprompter went from potus to working for romney tonight
wordswordswords : marijuana had my back . ..wordswordswords i'm with ya ! !
it's been so long twitter ! :s
at least verlander's throwing in triple digitswordswordswords.in the 9th
many a rain cloud has a #silva lining . : could be end of the line for him . rt : red sox release carlos silva .
awww , you are very brave !
crackheads make anything look fun .
today is national fire drill day . do you know what to do in case of a fire ?
thanks , straight from the source ! :) will check it out !
true colors ? wow
i'd wax that ass
thanks greg ! you've been such an amazing supporter of what i'm doing . so appreciate it !
i've decided to co-write a book with my dad on fibromyalgia (its a muscle and tissue disorder , which runs in my family) .
i got a new cut hahah see if y'all like it
she done had enough shame already n deh cyan stop talk bout it
oh man . clark on in the 72nd minute for his first minutes at bbva . someone say something funny . . .
shoot me an email at , would love to chat with you about
there is something about fall , sunday afternoons and cooking that makes all of life hardships disappear ! life is truly great .
always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other . ~abraham lincoln
i put this a lot beauty is in the eye of the beholder.<3
really mrs collins , really . . . .
didn't study for this a&p test !
hey whats up ?
you say you nevr done it
this doesn't sound tasteless at all ! lifetime is going to air a reality show about whitney houston's family in the wake of her death !
that folder never looked better ! just came from the omaha premier of great job congrats !
like our page for a chance to win a $50 dibbs card . ..yes , it's that simple ! click and win !
congrats man on the teemadness12 win! ! !
yaaay , you and eddie munster finally got to meet face to face .
marilyn manson made a new album ? cool beans!:p
belichick being interviewed now on nfl channel sounding measured and smart . haven't heard give so much info in interview . very cool .
please follow back #mahomie for life ! i love you
i feel like i focus better on homework at night . too bad that's when i have to sleep . wordswords\_(wordswordswords)_/wordswords
glove compartment , glovebox - almost never is its primary purpose for holding gloves . aren't words wonderful ?
i have a macbook pro and an iphone . don't need an ipad . too big for pocket , too lame as real computer .
ehhh-- i'm alright . how are you ?
glad to see you in top 42 , but knowing you will be top 12 .
i showed one of the music videos to my friend , and he said " the black dude makes this band amazing . " #blackpower !
talked to a black lady on the phone today #there'safirstforeverything
momentum shifting back our way ?
baby you light up my world like nobody else the way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed .
i bet they have a corny voicemail when you call them like hey this is mat and this is julie . the gamels arent home right now .
rt : oh yes ! the cornerstone of enlightenment . preach it : caffeine . . . .the foundation of consciousness .
here's to the mahomies who had #saysomethin on repeat , all day , everyday .
can you please tell your assistant i got her dm and yes the info was correct . couldnt reply because she's not following me .
the psalms are excellent for prayer , especially when we are short of words
thanks . glad you enjoyed it .
i agree ! not sure what context you're talking about , but yeah !
u educate a girl in africa : shewordswordswordsll be 3x less likely to get hiv , earn 25% more income & have a smaller , healthier family
im back( ;
i would like to take a moment of silence for all the girls who aren't hoes on the weekends .
small minds are much distressed by little things . great minds see them all but are not upset by them .
i miss my little jenny from the block
cute for women age 65 and up , creepy on everyone else .
hope everyone's having a wonderful holiday season ! c+s is busy busy and will be making some big moves this week ! more info to come . . .
king on the fa market ? you need togo do a burger king ad.or go talk to tt about getting some work .
as you grow older , you will discover that you have two hands , one for helping yourself , the other for helping others ~ audrey hepburn
we are following back bud . have a good one !
uni of south australia and magic vision are working on virtual reality . check out this demo !
need a cheap haircut . anyone know a beauty school in #fortwayne that lets its students cut hair ? i haven't gotten a haircut in a year !
thinking about texas and what i left behind
oh no . it's not your fault . u obviously didnt do it on purpose . you should send the pup some doggy ice cream . (a real thing)
jireh worship w/ th developmentally disabled 2nite this is an amazing worship service i luv it
i will choose to meditate on his goodness and trust in who he is- simply all i ever need . #peace sublime .
one direction is honestly good . before judging them , people should listen to other songs besides what makes you beautiful .
nice ! rt : #duck dynasty is the best show on tv right now (next to the news with )
can't get over how awesome last night was . and are too good !
happy veteran's day ! may we remember those who have sacrificed for our freedom !
is it too early for a drink ?
njonjo : bureaucracies get in the way of moving from transparency -> accountability . kenya is one of the most responsive in africa
mondays , tuesdays , or wednesdays *1st cut free - before 3pm . we'll do up to 2 free cuts per day . call raymond . expires 12/31/11 .
yo just said he was having a " night out on the town" . . . you're in fells point tho . . .
just got off the phone with movember hq ! big things coming this year for baltimore's movember chapter !
i am mad i can't view my tweets or my profile i don't know whats going on any suggestions ?
thank you for the welcome . i am looking forward to connecting with you .
i'm officially sixteen . what now ?
thank you all for a great lunch will be back tomorrow .
seriously , do it!!! ! !
haha what u on ?
. ..and yet . ..part of me really misses thoroughly academic discussions .
i wish it wasn't true ! wordswordswords : that spank story was hilarious!!wordswordswords
the best pre-wedding party ever! ! thank you for a fabulous day of pampering . love the salon !
check out my new offical twitter account . follow las vegas #1 source for nightlife and vip entertainment services . .
check out our new droid application , go to market place and search alternatives insurance let me know what you think ?
only natural light . ..because it's natural . ..and it's light .
this too shall past . . . .but it will not stop my praise !
90210 ? was that a show about the far distant future ? kids and aliens making their way thru school in the year 90210 ? not familiar .
i'm leavin tomorrow asap ) : but i'm sure we'll see you over the summer !
how was your day( :
kuf knots , levee drivers tonight !
some of them certainly do . how are you holding up today ?
i wish #freshmenyeartaught me more !
when did your heart go missing .
how are you feeling , re the vertebra ? are you still zero activity ?
i was dying at tweets this morning lol
#alexandroberttweettweet follow me follow me tweet tweet =]
collagen and elastin production starts slowing by age 30 , when most women begin to notice fine lines and crow's feet .
myth- #cosmetic #surgery is only for wealthy people . truth- there are various avenues for financing , which makes it possible for anyone
boo to being at work and missing great events ! but we look forward to seeing you at the next one !
why you gotta be on my friends tho . ..like tf-.- aha damn .
i cant stop watching puss in boots wordswordswords
roclyfe ent . has teamed with interrobang films . . . .set to film living the roclyfe . slated for early 2012 . ..stay tuned for details
i adore you . been debating a complex marriage to take into account a small cadre of brilliant/crazed humans . you'd be welcome <g>
georgia had a 5% rate increase in workers comp rates effective 3/1/11
yeah not sure if its writting . .or that amy/rory are getting a bit lame . .but last season was just ok . .
is so attractive .
i mean i have to read everything eventually , but baudrillard does nothing for me .
i saw him beat up a guy with a starfish , that guy was me
i love reconnecting with old friends
sometimes it takes me seeing somone else's hardship . before i can recognize how god has blessed my life .
the things we do for the #clients we love !
the motorcycle diaries is easily one of my favorite books and movies .
thanks ! . . . grade 7 . . . i've done skits in the past , wanted to try using flip cams and making a movie . . we'll see how it goes
bought 5000 shares of acur at 3.89 today , just to prove your brother doesn't have a clue .
screw off
definitely a cool opportunity but yeah $45 is a bit steep . . im down if you guys go , i think im free
bathroom politics as a potential show title : disaster or sure-fire hit ? !
preview for tonight's " revenge " looks insane !
love getting as hype as kg while watching kg
mega hotness .
oh : " tweeting while your drunk is never a good idea andy " .
seidenberg has owned ovechkin this entire series .
taking conservative approach allows him to appeal to the indies who he would lose any other way . country not there yet . could lose bc of it .
heading out to cast some once and future guides! ! so excited ! is coming soon .
shorts today ? ! !
100th #snl digital short was pretty epic .
2moro the studio is gettin remodeled after i get sum xlr extensions . i just hope the couch will fit in the other spot
this week! ! the maine , lydia , shadows fall , baroness , andrew jackson jihad . what a crazy crazy week this will be . . .
thanks a lot ! !
#lnyhbt send me a follow and i follow back .
heart just sank . feel like i'm gonna cry . yes . . . guys cry . haha
austin . you killed me . <3 is this song gonna be on itunes ? ! ? !
broxton leads the league in most finger nails bitten .
if you have a prayer request . please feel free to share it with us on
it soothens my day out tho
i feels xd
rt : to be fair , does make every movie better!! ! ;-)/ mark hamill is uniquely talented , a rare pearl
i'm not saying we do , but why kill your cap and overpay for guys like garcon and meachem ? still talent out there .
agreed , my social media sith .
hope everyone enjoyed their labor day weekend.did you know you can follow for our latest updates ? let's keep the hires going !
we recieved the best striped marlin i've ever seen , from hawaii . the suff is beautiful!!! ! !
how is me sticking music relative to the fact that you're a fraud sports fan ?
shows that gets the connection between the #arts & the impact it has on social consciousness & social justice .
replaced my front disc brake's pads . ridiculously easy compared to any form of rim brake . going to try stopping at traffic lights today .
he'd rather have bad times with you than good times with someone else .
mt audience comment : " all digital preservation is physical preservation "
last night >>
dollar jersey mikes subs with
standardized patient work = fun .
it's movie night ! come one , come small , and we'll rave and have a ball !
church #sucks . -but my grandmother is 91 years old and she wants us to go .
ah the 10k route in singapore shape run is out ! can't wait for my next race !! ! .
hahah how could i forget such an important day in history ? :p
" loving the world today " bbq .
hustlers unite ! spread the word and rt this ! !
i'd like to see anderson cooper in walmart . pick up a new years gift for kathy g .
dont see too many pucks go through the net !
what can i do for ya ? wanna shoot me an email ?
hey . . . .austin destroyed your score on scoops . . . .:/
with the opening of big g's pizza tomorrow , there will now be 2 places to get mac & cheese pizza on clark st . neither of which is ian's .
dovestech has submitted its cloud-based data processing proposal to the department of defense (navy) for a three month review .
awww boo that sucks so ive gotta new guy well kinda it aint official yett
i find it ironic that the colors red , white , and blue are the colors of freedom untill they are flashing behind you . . .
heading to for + #connectgens fellowship program . interviewing prospective fellows .
putting stories together at the 120 and blondo scooter's . somebody come say hi and have tea with me .
that's not offering . lol
tweet us a photo of your favorite item with hashtag #raidthewarehouse and we will give you $25 off your next purchase !
they sure are ! let us know if you want to set up a tasting or place a bulk order :)
#imnotlooking for a partner , more like a bestfriend . outside our relationship should be a bond thats unbreakable no matter what
once again it's a great day to be a #blazer in
i got these lah slippers on .
me llamo tommy and i dont know the second part
willy t . ribbs is racing again!! ! can't wait! ! !
" if shes amazing , she wont be easy . if shes easy , she wont be amazing . if shes worth it , u wont give up . if u give up , u're not worthy "
lot's of clients picking up product today , so shorts were in order . no daisy dukes though . happy labor day weekend everyone !
i big hoodie or a small one ? they would both be huge on you .
me too ! rt : i may have played a part in it . rt : black friday retail sales hit record , says report
#nikkihaley's union busting working . more sc jobs at lower cost . more friends now have both jobs they need to survive . it's working " great! "
there went my bracket !
" life moves pretty fast . if you don't stop and look around every once in while , you could miss it "
talking angel 8.0 & benefits of content & community in the angel office hours meeting . www.blackboard.com/angelofficehoursregistration
thanks for the #follow tatiyana :)
" : you're terrible at twitter . " jesse eisenberg look-a-likes don't scare me
the boss isn't in with her is he ?
had a great time today doing a read threw with today 4 our upcoming film #hearmewhisper #brt fans will see new side of melissa !
merry christmas ! it's lightly snowing here in newport , ri . where are you ?
did it hurt when you fell from heaven because have sex with me .
and i ask my self " am i ready to date again or am i ready just to be lied to and get hurt " #goodnight <3
yankees beat red sox 4-2 , clinch clinch a.l . east title
keep flapping your gums , yer just jealous of our indy food truck revolution - we call your type tablejockeys
doug and i headed to the dream game 2 !
sammmeeee no matter what i'll still love him 2wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
my friend made me go see michael jackson movie tonight . it was ok . he seemed ok/energetic . it would have been a heck of a show for sure .
all dick is the same!! ! he got a supa one ! !
tahaaa ! what are you gonna do today ? :)
morgan freeman , please narrate my life ? normal tasks would be soo much better .
skeet ulrich . that is all .
did she just ask me if i'm stalking her ? wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
but infants and the elderly aren't dependent on being organically attached to one specific person . another fallacy .
#bama having some boot issues
remember , there is no argument that cannot be won by screaming " socialism! "
is anyone staying in roble and willing to tell me how to get in ?
just got back from lifting . . . just getting buff and taking names , ya'll know how i do
congrats on drafting the t rex
lol that what would change ? and how are you doing ? i just recently caught up on tweets and it seems like you've been through
#menatwork looks so stupid . . . ..sorry tbs
i'm really sick of in your face atheism . oh , your an atheist ? huh , i'm sorry i forgot i was supposed to care .
should be sleeping- but i'm not ! i am my own worst enemy !
2 weeks from today i'll be reunited with my friends and it'll be derby wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
it had to be gordon keith i bet ?
cancer schmancer , i want a damn hoverboard ! is that too much to ask ?
drink of the day is our great pumpkin pie latte . 10 , 20 , 30% sale off entire store continues today . come on in shop , sip , and save !
. ..come in for our blow dry clinic ! the cost is $50 , which can be applied to a product purchase .

volume i coming this april with amazing featured folks! ! great interviews , images , and top personal picks for nyc
ahahah nice ! what kind ?
little boys playing in the water complex on cross country >>>>
nba draft . . . .dc assault alum . . . .nolan smith . austin freeman . . . .hard work and living the right way . . . .we are proud of you! ! !
enjoyed lunch today with coach katie o'brien . great coach with energetic ideas but vb is not my sport .
you're either running from or to victory - bishop sheridan mcdaniels - preach !
the academy awards deliver much more than oscar statues to the celebrities that attend the event .
the longer i look at that picture , the less i know what it's supposed to be .
coenzyme q-10 not only energizes the immune system . it also helps burn #fat during the #weight-loss efforts .
when informed how i should straighten my hair , my gut response was to say , " i just got my master's degree and lost 30 lbs . "
nah , i moved to miami
: thanks for hosting such an incredible evening with erin gruwell of put shivers down my spine . inspired .
hey gota tell you about the weekend . btw got a court order for a judge to sign . back on a plane again in a day .
there was talk a year or so agowordswordswordsmaybe on fedora-devwordswordswordsof storing repo data in hdfs . theywordswordswordsre probably using hadoop , too .
#youwannaimpressme , have some motivation . love yourself enough to take care of yourself and do something with your life .
follow me ? ( :
#thingsyoushouldstopdoinginyour30s including " lol " in your texts .
what a beautiful day ! home from work now and heading out for walk . got chili in the crock pot . love " neat and tidy " days !
shxt always happen b4 my bday ugh .
i am your best fan in chile , follow me pleasee oh please ! :d :d :d 42
i know and are gona go hard for
i have depression and i self medicate and i absolutely love you for admitting that you do that<3 your a strong girl , and beautiful
mr blow ! great article on romney in times! ! you are a great voice for peace and freedom keep on keepin ' on ! love eliot fisk
well what can i do sis ?
there is no one i love more than deldon
how did you like it ?
i don't think i've ever been looking more forward to dinner plans , headed to dinner tonight
wordswordswordssometimes you just have to pee in the sink.wordswordswords #bukowski yes , i know the feeling
good night everyone ( :
good point . and if a top guy loses early next week or at rg , we'll know whose fault that is .
coffee date it is ! wordswordswords : hi guys ! come see us @ 5:30a for some fresh coffee & awesome pastries!wordswordswords
err , downthemall . then question is . . . where / how to post ?
customers want brands that are narrow in scope and distinguishable by a single word , the shorter the better
seriously i think i just did a full days worth of work by 10:30 . time to settle down a bit .
lol . that amazing not awkward moment when jamie says he's gonna put on an ' inappropriate ' song , and then he's dancing .
my family business my dad worked there and my older brother work there . . well the warehouse not the factory
i feel bad for telling that bum to get a job now i regret it
doing a lot of thinking . . .
rt : old buildings are not relics from the past , they are templates for the future .
i should of told u way sooner then all that happened .
next time im at someones house , im gonna get a whole bunch of food and put it on one small napkin like and did
any other #nonprofit staff out there working on your #dissertation ?
no she sang #undoit which is still awesome
why do i make my life so awkward . . . sheesh
what kind of teacher doesnt't give homework in the beginning of the year but gives the last few weeks of school -.-
someone far away is thinking of you . .
i been sleep in all my classes today just ready to go home
beautiful day to come eat my puccias ! open from 12-2 !
wordswordswords : i will never let you fall . i'll stand up with you forever . i'll be there for you through it all.wordswordswords
look who's sick with no sleep
avs in phoenix tonight . . will we win ?
if you're still in san diego friday i'd love to buy you lunch . i owe you for the fun times i've gotten from the podcast . :)
test today revealed high radon levels in clayton's glen laurel neighborhood . test your home today !
they always insist it's not a " speed trap "
lmao i love my thug followers .
thursday's jersdaaayyyy ;d its almost tshirt timmeeeee :d
alright then . you should go earlier to school so you can get things done.faster o :
first word of the anthology of creepy words according to us : " goodies "
tom izzo in statement : " iwordswordswordsm almost embarrassed by some of the acts of support , but iwordswordswordsm certainly touched . . . my heart was always at msu . "
" decent flow to this period " cracked me up ! immature . you bet . haha
what other people think about you is none of your business .
rt : if romney loses ohio , cnn decision desk should call the election for obama right then .
nice ! the new version is feeling pretty good .
stumbled on interested in learning more & i'm actually in cleveland tomorrow & might have some time to meet .
welcome with open arms and steak !
#sandiego #school layoffs/ " it has to stop " bill freeman , sd education assoc . " enough is enough "
good news , it's gone after today !
goodnight twitches
thank you again!!" : thank you ! congrats to on their 25 year celebration ! they changed the face of the spa industry . "
thanks for the #ff ! enjoying my saturday.( :
the child that is the hardest to love is the one you should love the hardest !
rt - why is it whenever the #patriots go into miami someone winds up fired ? first the #dolphins special teams coach now . . .
join me on branchout
what a beautiful day today
i think that is why i keep coming to trivia - to remember all the things i forgot - and then promptly forget them again .
wordswordswords : i'm glad to be a part of this . and witness you live out life.wordswordswords
our speaker is an expert on blood splatters , wrote a book that *might be coming to a hollywood screen near you !
i'm saying everyone that goes out this weekend wears a shirt that say creature . well i will atleast :) see ya saturday
no invite lol j.p what did u see
wordswordswordsi destroy my enemies when i make them my friends
that's true . i think , however , that regardless of our personal experience , the article does describe something truthful about society
" we dance in the devil's house "
#nowfollowing wordswordswords & sent me :)
i never thought we'd get that many followers in that short period of time.#neversaynever follow us ? :)
i'm glad you enjoyed it . . . thanks
congrats #1 all time assist for
thanks i changed it . that's dps 4 u lol
captain america . he's on the wait list .
as students take their midterm their hands are all cramping up , how often do they actually write anymore ? i know i don't !
oh how much i've missed skins .
i wish they would say what the yellow is specifically for
not a sponge bob fan :(
mcny will be closed for columbus day on monday , october 10
with a huge win on my birthday my day ends well thank you guys! ! !
if i go back to work , i will be on here alot less- at least when i am new to the job . .
flying saucer complete . next up . ..the set .
woah ! im doing the same . . while eating mexican !
thanks , coach ! :)
congrats to the tech team on a huge week ! have 6 or 7 drinks tonight . . .
tell your dad i said thanks ! and look out for the dog line this summer :)
i heard that it was considered " classless " or " tacky " in those parts of the world .
kim kardashian being banned from television .
i had the same problem when i was stuck at 160 c& j , could clean the 165 and jerk 170 , but couldn't c & j 165 !
thanks , i've placed my order . i'll let you know when the card has arrived and is activated .
fight night ! !
holy mother ! it's freezing nuts this morning !! ! !
i knw boo , i get tht foolery & im not even an exec so i really feel 4u lol . ive been great tho , mkn it happen
ira glass has an eerily similar speech cadence to william shatner .
or someone brings it up . ..i'm just like wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords . . . . . .wtf bro ?
lmao i feel it but why is the south no joke ? lol
maybe . . . .i just see a lot of players that go elsewhere and begin to hit . . . .inge , granderson come to mind
the northwest territory was given to the us in the treaty of paris in 1783 but the british wanted to keep the forts + outposts on the lakes
5% off fridays starts today ! lots of lakewood businesses participating !
" bless " you , lol ! we still have wednesday !
thanks ! we're super excited at being included in the #gamechangers issue !
" the first and great commandment is : don't let them scare you . " redesign thursday ! bring it ! voodoo
that's solidarity ! rt : i canceled my appt today @ kaiser oak . won't cross picket line ! keep up the good fight for quality, . . .
depends . if i kno her 4 a min keep going . if i dnt , put a new one on
i change the date on my homework to make it seem like i did it earlier
hellz yea , i cant wait , it's been fo eva
rt : " you're desktop site is full of crap . " - if you don't need it in mobile , you don't need it .
the trappings of lifestyle are often that ; traps . -thomas leonard
don't put all your eggs in one basket .
after you left ? hahahah
literally i can't believe my luck that is going to omg omg omg , just made my night :)
" we need 2 find an infrastructure 2 harness the good energy of people who want to make a difference . " ~geoffrey canada that is pando's goal !
so proud of sasd ! !
you asked me to wake you up right after i wake up . then when i do , you complaint about only sleeping 6 hours .
#shenyun will come back to washington dc in march , 2012 , the most beautiful season in dc with cherry blossom around you .
big fat asset
you know i'm trying . wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
need a #freemonth of #virtualoffice services in new york ? davinci virtual office solutions is running a special at select locations in nyc !
e-waste scares us over
she pullin me . . . .
word ;) rt #mw2012 is almost like being there . and i can wear my pajamas .
i have so much love for you guys . you guys are amazing ! :)
when i get sleepy and it is still light outside.<<<<
that's called misophonia . . . weirdo . lol
meanwhile , my roomie who just started teaching art in a bronx public high school recv'd only $100 worth of art supplies for the whole year .
just try to be positive .
hahaha it's gonna be sick
" that's what wins games . a lot of people see the alley-oops and all that stuff ,
that's fine i just record everything , and later i will post it on youtube hopefully an attorney will contact me .
did she give your name personally ?
comin to see y'all !
watchin revolver golden gods with my mom ! ! !
rt : wordswordswordsbe who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.wordswordswords -dr seuss
i think if it was possible niall would marry nandos .
" the easter bunny is a jerk and a thief " -lauren
good news in fl for hist preservation grants - final recommendation from #flgov was 1.2 mill . $ for good/worthy grant projects this year .
am about to cross the 1,000 followers mark ! please rt if you explicitly want me to fail !
thank you kindly ! we love you too !
im heading to bummerfest around 2 with my work team . @ me where i can find you !
awesome #bulls game!! ! congrats to #johnlucas the mvp .
if you think sergio martinez could bet matweather you are sadly mistaken . martinez doesn't think in a fight and takes too many risk .
what and where do you eat supper while filming survivor ? do you feel guilty at all ?
or maybe . ..beer can ! good thing you are out of there . hope you have everything you need . let me know if i can help .
sterling : you cannot give me (anyone) everything that i want,or solve all problems , so don't try #ixda11 try for the permanent beta
wordswordswords avengers in 3d . ..at atlantic station . ..be there . ..or be square lolwordswordswords
wordswordswordsdream no small dreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men.wordswordswords goethe
dana laurent is talking about women's health .
burned out today hard workout . . .
please follow/rt
#dhtrial see ya monday at the courthouse again .
lolol online . ..in person . ..doesn't matter ! don't do it ! lol
lol just give it away before she steals it
nobody in this restaurant told that guy at the bar to stop smoking . . . probably because he was masturbating .
gotta admire cp3 for trying to make something happen and forcing overtime at the least . but glad we're getting overtime !
all i need is one more year .
nvivo qualitative software works with photos and you could group those into themes in a ny minute . it would great !
good morning 5linx daily vitamin call playback : 559-726-1299 pin : 118279# you don't hv to be in #5linx to listen in . . . .be inspired
oh i see : ) life treating you well ? one of these days , let's meet up and get a beer !
i dont even know what happened yesterday
skype just asked me to login . . . three strikes your out on the mac . microsoft ?
thanks for the follow joey . liked the interview with starr on road to hell . going to buy movie script in 21 days because of it .
for the last time tonight happy 18 birthday you deserve everything and tons more !
rt : jetpack joyride is now playable free on facebook . i'm sorry you're about to lose a day of work . | only 1 day ? that's willpower .
anger is one letter from danger . when you get angry
dc : kudos fenty , for being the second consecutive mayor from ward 4 to serve exactly one term as mayor .
spots still remaining for dec 10 coaches clinic . sign up now ! www.phoenixcoyotes.com/usahockeyadm
i'd like to welcome to the buckeye family . congratulations! ! !
summer reading list cont . 4) most talkative , 5) at the dark end of the stree ,
true story bro
the #mets scott hairston hit for the cycle yesterday ! of coarse , now that hes not a padre he does that
finish strong ! finish strong !
and , if your the uk basketball coach , glance at a form before going to the derby . not knowing any of the horses in the field is a sin in ky .
my cab driver just exchanged cabbie gang signs with another cab driver .
my bedroom" : where the ballz can i get a massage in la on a few hours notice . . . ? "
huh in tired off working . i cnt wait till i get a day off man .
" sexy " = i want you . " pretty " = i like you . " beautiful " = i love you .
this is the first weekend im trying uber but its crazy expensive! ! !
you are .
guess who is seeing in february ? ! this girl is!( :
i literally just cried for real
some of the things my girlfriend says . . unbelievable
with the amount of stress i put on myself i'm convinced my first heart attack will come in my 30s
who else wishes today was wednesday ?
there is a hell , believe me i've seen it . there is a heaven let's keep it a secret
he's perfect wordswordswords
having a rough couple day .
satin lipswordswords set (mask & balm) buff away dry skin with satin lipswordswords lip mask (.3 oz . net wt.) , then moisturize with satin lipswordswords lip balm
i beg your pardon , sir , but have you any knowledge as to the whereabouts of my automobile ?
i need to find new friends
miami and atl really battling it out . i wish they'd hurry up so i can go to sleep .
: follow she follows back :)
we had some nice rain last night . perfect timing for fertilizing .
tough for the refs not to call that one on foligno , but probably shouldn't have been a penalty .
#shehechat a5 : and the real answer is when preso is video recorded and i have to watch and listen to my stupid ass . :)
life after college is such an amazing book by that i ended up buying three copies , two to give out .
what did the helpless man say to the person that wanted to help him ? he said " the only way you can help me is to help yourself
lmao it was in 6th grade at school in the morning but no one told on me
great show on friday at the discovery den ! #pandoraatx now if only you all were on spotify us :(
haven't decided if i like these alt jerseys the brewers are wearing . certainly different .
" whatever the situation , theres always solutions "
wordswordswords : and that is life as a chicago sports fan . . . .wordswordswordscan we get a mulligan
:d lol wordswordswords : filipinos have such awful diet fare . hahaha we love to eat the worst things possible . =dwordswordswords
pc by implication is things done only to cater to a constituency w/o regard for substance yeh ?
klusoz gonna be crazy tonight!! ! bringin to you a crunkmas thursday once again! ! get there early . . . curnk alert in full effect!! ! c.i.t.i .
haha , fine it was good . happy now ?
in 1943 , some faculty and community members began critique that had become overly militarized
electrolux earnings down in 2011 , hopeful for 2012
god , kyrie has an actual personality , isn't a jackass , and is totally genuine . refreshing .
thrilled to be chosen as one of bizbash magazine's " most innovative people in events " featured in their spring issue !
the two loves in my life are veuve clicquot & someone special to share it with !
i used to believe that ppl were born good until something life changing happened to them . then i realized sharks are born swimming . .
apple stock performance is because they're selling crazy amounts of product which by the way is fueling social mobile app growth .
why didn't lol release in miami or ft . lauderdale fl ? d :
programmers say " goto considered harmful" . psychologists says " comparison considered harmful . "
i have a couple hot songs i wanna submit
rt : and some jazz musicians are mothers ! happy m-day!!!!! ! !
prints are big for summer 2012
just did our presentation at launch day . it's amazing being with all our fellow incubator companies at this event !
hahaha i thought you already did ! my bad .
great win for the browns today , wish i could have watched but had to work .
i seriously need my bestfriend to text me like asap . . .
#myweddingsong- stand by me by ben e . king , very old but so good
that's the way to go . proud of you! ! wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
omg . i cannot believe i said goodnight before 11pm . i'm so tired it feels like 4am .
jules , what is that awesome white guitar you play ?
morning runs are rad . . .
adwords for video lets small businesses target youtube users
did you even have to go to other sites ? i would have thought you'd get plenty of email about it from derb-defenders .
im saying , i'd never wear a gucci belt if it wasnt real lol
upset bc i didn't get to meet you tonight/ : but i met your mom and gma ( :
it's already may ! and we have a ton of submissions . don't miss out ! and tell your friends .
this thunder<<<
i hope phase 2 is gonna be in c.hill ! i'm on my way there ( :
made it to panera and after circling the place a few times , finally found a seat . ..we're enjoying their power and internet now until close !
what's that one ?
f.u . i am not a cool old guy with a college radio show yet . i am just a college guy with a college radio show .
people who succeed in the workplace create their own opportunities . you won't get anywhere waiting for a promotion to fall on you .
today's a big day : happy birthday !! ! !
lolol . guys remember him ? ! he prob is mad cause dylan's not gay and won't date him . sorry b !
who is hotter ? erin andrews or shannon spake ? the race is closer than you might think .
replace the words sorry n hot
slept like 11 hours :) #koalastatus as kevin m . would say
come on boys don't get sloppy !
did u get momma something ? :)
big 12 tournament >school
who up ?
tired ! need lotto tickets ! be back !
wondering what would happen if all the gente of facebook started acting like the population of a nation . and then myspace . then twitter . . .
so happy to be followed by ! cheers !
thanks for the shout out !
i'm either your neighbor or your dealers ' neighbor . so , can y'all just agree to share the road ?
just tried out freshdesk , it's exactly what i need for creating tickets out of emails , no need to submit an update to start using it !
sounds like you need a
in honor of the superbowl , we're playing pong w/ liquor in the cups tonight . any ideas for which booze to use ?
about 3/4 way through fledgling by late , great octavia butler . anyone read this book ?
joining us at 6 2nite for narrator book launch ?
wordswordswordsyouwordswordswordsre only two years older than me . darling , where have you been all my life ? wordswordswords-christopher plummer , 82 , after winning his first oscar . . .
calm down brad you're already married to her . ..for now .
cool . let me know when it's up .
i really like this girls outfit
for crying out loud , #newsweek and #tinabrown : consider th consequences of your so-high school/tryg-to-be-different decisions . be responsibl
so i could have sworn jennifer lopez and marc anthony were already divorced
when you finally discover your true priorities , life becomes so much easier
why can't we vote for goalies ? price all the way
need to get ready for rehearsal but i can't pull myself away from watching jeff dunham !
just gray here
she kiss u with the mouth she gave me head with . . . smh
people still wait to go out on friday nights ?
it's the weekend , ladies and germs ! made plans to come see us yet ? we have awesome deals and crazy steals all the time .
you haven't slept alone in prolly 4 months get outta here lol
#favoritenickisong here i am its pink friday takeover hahaha
i agree . take lewin's elegant equation b(f) p+e behavior is a function of the person and the environment .
patient : why did you charge me a group rate ? psychiatrist : you've got multiple personalities .
wait . . . the homeless use stuff and we can make money from it ? ! ? !
poor dear ! so glad you could bring some of the latest literary fashion into her life !
immature kids on this class <<<<<
one good customer well taken care of could be more valuable than $10,000 worth of advertising . jim rohn
can't do it this time but looking forward to the next challenge ! (and i will do my weights next time.) :-)
i need to get more active on twitter !
no worries , hope you had a good day ! i sure did ! i'll do it again and so will other djs at
thanks :) i love you <33
he cleared the sheet , and was free to return , slightly downhill now , along the halyards to the mast
in a relationship : everyone likes you . single : no one likes you . does this happen to anyone else ?
why are boys so malawiwhbsnamamwjwhw ugh
who fadin the block party at the smoke shop ?
in such a great mood it's
just got to our cabin from chena hot springs
i see what you did there . . . and yes ! it's amazing !
i miss you , come home to me already .
could you guys follow me please follows me and you guys follow my sister
btw , jasmine anne is my actress friend who lives in nyc and refuses to get a twitter . . .
rt : love em or hate em , give credit to #rbny for winning streak . earning three does not have be pretty . a win is a win .
no worries . planning a trip out that way in a couple weeks .
just returned $127.17 to the store and an hour later bought $127.17 worth of other crap
immigration rights change depending on the legality of the immigrant in question .
hey plz follow me bac hav something 2 tell u n i really wanted 2 c u @ citywalk but my mom said no were goin on june 5 :(
retweeting poised creation never goes out of style !
dick durbin (ill) on debt ceiling vote " conscience makes cowards of us all . "
infront of aaron or david ?
the half ass badass , not committing to his rhymes makes me giggle .
we're glad you do ! cheers .
chris brown lol
rt : " bicycling is a social sports - so social media compliments us well "
sad i missed out this time .
wordswordswords : sixers worst team in nba going to the line in regular season . getting to the line this series making a differencewordswordswordshell yeah
tennessee bound ! anyone , please feel free to call me today to chat . please .
thank you ray , for everything , just for bein a great friend
i hate where i go through these cycles where im happy for a couple hours then depressed for a few hours then happy again so annoying
oo they childish ! rt : timeout : i just got a private call &amp ; a bunch of females all chanted my government name 0_o wtf . . .
thank you for follow me . . i follow back . . asap
watching so you think you can dance and dreaming of rum raisin ice cream
community meal tonight (carpe donuts donated for desert) . lee alter's art of being with the red rattles this friday .
what a great show . thank you!! ! !
i was figuring on taking more like 90% . since you are a writer , howabout a storyof your life since you left bhs ?
travel alert updated today to alert u.s . citizens to potential for unrest .
<3 live everyday like it's your last <3
#idratherhave facebook dissapear so i can go back to selling binoculars
u r welcome nice mtg u 2 . lets get linkedin
you got water on my bed . we can't be friends .
i'll say it : the bee hospital skit on the first snl was ahead of its time . people didn't dig science humor in the mid-70s . now it would work
what's w ? $21.88 ? george wallace ?
off to the future with at
have you read all the books ?
you tell stephen a . smith that i said he can laugh all he wants but the spurs are the better team this year .
like what do you mean by that ? like how ?
franklin gothic will be the death of me !
no problem . we have some more interesting content coming through today .
keep drinking . rub some dirt in it .
marshall-ism of the day : wordswordswordsask yourself : where do i want to go ? recognize where you are now , then figure out the steps to get there.wordswordswords
rt : he wants a fight , well now he's got one , and he ain't seen me crazy yet . -miranda lambert
mario just said iconic :')
knick and heat game so close . ..hard to choose the foreign language #oscars announcements in this situation !
i just sent you an email about scott haas and chef maws . would love to connect if you have some time .
wordswordswords : men have two emotions : hungry and horny . if you see him without an erection , make him a sandwich.wordswordswords damn skippy
remember : today is the last day to enter our cold frame contest . click on the " sweepstakes " tab on the left . good luck !
is it even possible for giraff to trow up
also , the birthday of contemporary writer anne lamott , who writes , " you can either practice being right or practice being kind . "
suggest state elections enforcement be alerted . wasn't norwalk fined for irregularities previously ?
and i was told it was on yall that ssgmusic didn't make the call but thought that i would and should win for sure . but ?
youve been saying you love me for how long . . ? hahaha joke .
what are people on the outside saying about cos ? a consistent thread from experienced travelers : " look at the rainbows "
this moment in time i'll find the words to say , before you leave me todaay . . .
should have checked with #homewood police prior to dark .
that was i just dance ! haha
my #1 professional goal is to ensure that future archivists in my position don't hate me the way i hate my predecessors .
" : students are required to show id to get into the hillman library . security is checking bags . " so watch yourself
5 yrs ago , we opened westcarygroup ! proud of our history , the people we've had the honor to work with . looking forward to the road ahead .
what san diego bars carry your vodka ?
music is going great ! about to hit the studio to record some original music .
after that shot on 15 , i could be 100% wrong !
lol ! we got nothin but love for ya puchi !
oh well i live in lexington nebraska
" well paul i'm actually waiting for you "
fbobiles leadership's about people . helping them believe in their gifts . lifting them up vs . tearing them down
rt : i wanna be able to turn invisible rt : if you could pick one super power what would it be
billy butt sex ! instant classic !
people need to get a life and #stop hating on !! ! she's really nice!( : i love you<3 :d #foreverawrighter ( :
you still have the chance to host a passion party ! it's free & you can receive a free gift & discount on products . contact me today !
rewarded for speed -- malone : we wait until steve jobs steps on stage , the flag is dropped , and we write fast as we can .
does your organization provide rewardsrecognition to employees based on values ? for intentional culture don't you think you should ?
you must stay drunk on writing so reality cannot destroy you . - ray bradbury
you do realize kobe didn't score every single point when his team won those titles don't you ?
calling it now . the thoughts : amazing
job opening : full-time bldg ops engineer w/ hvac & systems experience . 2-10pm shift . high security clearance req'd ; downtown dc . anyone ?
tweetin while i walk . check my walkin soundtrack !
i've been stalking the 10 day forecast! ! i'm praying it's not another boston marathon heatwave !
btw . ..love the " cleveland - you've got to be tough " ! !
yes i am that girl :)
can you please #followmecody for ? it would make her day!!! ! !
come support your tigers in their first home game of the year tomorrow at 7pm on patterson field !
but can it really be so serious ?
it just came out how about walgreens ? walmart ?
another shot , pro 23:7 for as he thinketh in his heart , so is he :
ooh , that would be perfect . i feel like between nc & potus's statement , we're entering a rly , rly important stage in us history .
i actually may start to like demi since shes a judge on xfactor . should i audition ?
im so in the mood for a good
another song ? seriously ? who knew this class had so many aspiring singers .
breaking news : the ottawa franchise of the cfl sign qb seneca wallace . team scheduled to begin play in 2013 at earliest . . . .or 2014 . . . .or 15
rt : " love me when i least deserve it , because that's when i really need it . . . "
at least i know i'm playing good , trusting my reads , and still confident .
gap,gap,gap= god answers prayers !
acting in anger never helps
3rd run did score .
where did you find such treasure ? i haven't found dd coffee since i moved out here
tonight's special the princess peach ! captain morgan , peach schnapps , pineapple juice , grenadine & 7-up for only $6 ! come save the princess !
17 hours and counting at the office . we're practicing our presentation and eating dominos pizza . #exciting !
- thanks for addiing us to your list - /thank-you-for-the-rts
panel 2 : yemen , syria , & the gulf states with discussant joost hiltermann
#break s ending was untouchable , im more pumped for wzrd then ever
you have a italian name are you italian
you fuggin snore
the mind is full of unconscious static , tracking back to the very depths of infant memory .
yes ! :d that would be fun to be able to go ! :)
is it the dark hair ? lol
love new zeland
as a former student i strongly suggest you go . he is afterall a martial arts grandmaster .
hey , don't get it twisted : #gobulls !
rt the baptists need to pray hard sunday morning before the game .
the world is a university & everyone is a teacher.when u get up make sure u go to school
rtwordswordswords goldie x asapwordswordswords
ta-da . ..just voted on all june 5 primary issues by mail . all political mailers , tv ads and robo-calls to be ignored henceforth !
watched 2006 hawaii ironman . practice cancelled . time for bed .
creating a corporate social media pr strategy - many companies don't know how to response to negative comments in their social media posts
i can't stop
nice , man . gonna quote your blog in our new press release this week . thx for the support .
suicide bomber training : " pay attention , because i'm only going to show you this once . "
#humpday ,ohhcheaa , sexiest day of the week (y)
following to many people that aint following me back .
i just woke up :)
crome to ya some till u get lock jaw
laying on the beach in dewey . . . . with no pants . . . . waiting for today's edition of the afternoon drive with glenn clark . . . .
rt : hey have i mentioned i love my job!!! ! // so glad it has worked out well !
[quivering lip]
all sizes and styles are back up on wiskullsin.net new lady bobs and red vag protectors in are . should be on the site soon . hot new pics .
i know , right ? ! love that zebra !
i have 15th birthday day :*
im trying to get a tour . ..kinda hard ha
if its important to you you'll find a way . if not , you will find an excuse .
i think oatmeal cookies are healthier but chocolate chip cookies are so yummy ( :
where my ian at ?
this has 6-4-3 written all over it .
woof . rt : gonzaga moms look a lot like gonzaga girls
holtzman : remember that we try out these new technologies to empower , not to alienate . he asks how do we make sure the gap is small ?
anger is often a big signpost that points us toward areas in our lives where we feel shortchanged .
just taped singing reel . posting soon . what song did i choose ?
houston is just as gigantic as i left it , perhaps even more so .
a little ac ? the roses look hit today . have a great broadcast . on wis !
i'm so tired !
thank god! ! i thought i left it at the lakehouse !
thinking of you today ! congrats on your promotion! ! !
you've been warned wordswordswords counting down to ' s birthday . just a few hours to go . locking the doors and assembling weapons.wordswordswords
wordswordswords : anyone else excited the launch party tonight ? !wordswordswords wish i could go . . .
were your one stop shop! ! come see us til 7!!!!!!! ! !
that was a good pass to welker bad throw to sideline to branch get it right . if he could of completed would of been1st down
& thank you for your business !
how's olivia doing ? i miss you guys so much ! i'm coming down soon !
all i want to see is posh and becks and then i'm done . you with me ?
u already is
for my scholar friends--what little , fly , funky things do you do during your summers to keep it (and yourself) fresh ? adding to your game ?
live music tonight at 7 !
we're making our capitol hill and debut this saturday night ! with , ole tinder , and the tallboys
i think it just means i'm a basket-case sometimes . but honestly , it's great to be back . :)
opening a test paper and seeing the first question and thinking " yup , i'm screwed . "
yeah . cursive is my specialty , i find myself taking a lot of shortcuts nowadays , tho :(
as much as i'm worried about what will happen to me i can think about is how much i miss my aunt
politician : " if there were more women in the secret service they wouldn't be hiring prostitutes . " what ? ! ;)
ya don't have to get all dirty about it ! !
#elderlaw , fixed annuities guar if market goes down you won't lose your money . mike ford , sofa
hold on . you hung out with a cow ?
how is clint hurdles face so dark red all the time ?
starships are meant to fly .
best day of my life #yee , thank you <3 you really don't know how amazing you are( : <3
" the present is the point of power " jane roberts/seth
watching smallville series finale =,(
every piece of correspondence i receive from is unclear . also , your website is a quagmire of confusion . gah .
efficient windows are engineered to virtually eliminate the three ways your windows waste energy
im no beauty queen just beautiful me ! !
sure do love the game of - calling for ball , hitting the j and then forcing offensive foul . good series .
#iwishtheywouldbringback music to music television (mtv)
anyone going to cla , mla (ma) , mla (me) , rila , or bea ? see you there ! #tiredalready :)
#2010memories facebook jumped the shark
coming to on march 27 !
i really don't understand why it's so hard to find a job where i know what my hours will be week after week . is that too much to ask ?
dead serious . confession : i only took 1yr . of typing & flunked . then dropped out of school in 9th grade . mercy !
returning the love ! thanks for being such excellent partners !
hahahaha . yes i am at home relaxing finally . tell jon i'm making tilapia with vegetables !
hey , obama's pretty funny ! he's no john mccain , but he's got some chops !
i'd love to come babysit with you!you should probably email via yahoo because im never on this and i wanna see the vow with you !
it ends just as he begins the content portion . are there more clips ?
i just found myself hoping to see a cockroach . someone to listen to my jokes .
great vibes last night at the artist meeting ! thank you to all the artists that came out last night ! #fpac20 is almost here !
wait that was when gabbyy played bingo with rgwordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords gab we hit the hay before that happened
#thingsihateaboutfacebook my ex-wife's profile
i see . . yes 3-3 but you're 3rd as well so
calling it : today , i got my first sunburn of the season celebrating and ' s impending union . so worth it .
thanks for the rt . lol " apple doesn't even have to try anymore . "
this american life . you've done it again .
lol indeed . but my paycheck hasn't gotten the memo yet lol
and there's nothing wrong with that . chili's is a place of no judgment .
u wanna beat everyone on twitter . lol
daytime tv is pretty bad . i might clean the house today .
considering how long the patcher is taking i might have it ready by then lol:p~
rt tis the season for chimney fires galore . b4 you get all ' perry como ' for the holidays , consider an inspection ! <--heaters too !
#pennstate is handling this situation horribly . they shouldn't have cancelled joepa's press conference . silence is not golden .
t brewer trio live recording @ the jazz school , berkeley this sunday , oct 11th , 4:30p ! come lend your voice/applause to this 1-time event ! !
i didn't win the mega millions , which means i still have to do my own laundry
michael you really need to go to bed and wake up again ! cause you're not fun :p
seeing you smile makes me smile.wordswordswords
wish you could join us !
we might be headed that way again
that's awesome !
love how twitter has basically blown up the #nflhonors show - we know who won - but of course i'm kinda watchin (nice remarks from drew b) !
need me to come counsel her ? then we can have some fun after ;)
though many people picture #newmexico as desert terrain , wordswords of the state is actually filled with forests .
is there an app for that ? keith clinkscales , svp of content dev & enterprises will discuss the new business plan for magazines at
-- maybe just an honest one . . . ..have a nice weekend . ..dj
is it i(don'tunderstandverbagreement)amvay ? rt library this whole week ! no bs . the people who work there is going to know my name .
sometimes i feel like i'm spiraling down the rabbit hole and there's nothing to slow me down .
on an average day , do you spend more time on facebook or twitter ?
good morning ! what is everyone having for breakfast ?
you were with the wrong guy .
bo!!!! ! i'm way on the southwest lol
lucky! ! that's my favorite restaurant( : <33
buy me food please im starving! ! jimmy johns will do , you know what i like and my address
: tweet your questions for moshi monsters cto toby moore at londata i tonight using
can you let me move in with you so i can see what its like to live in the uk ?
yes rt : rt : ed reed said he considered retirement for 3 years straight .
ahhhmazing ! thank you ! can't wait to get there .
thank god it's not the cowboys !
i whip my hair back and forth .
movie recommendation is seth rogan in " pineapple express "
good old friday night in honey wilder land . thanks to all who have added our facebook and reverbnation pages recently :) .
thx for tweets during gov's presser
are you at #sxsw already ? bring an umbrella .
do we really need to ask our iphone " is that rain " ? an intelligence that needs to ask that question isn't capable of using a phone .
i'm sittin in the booth watchin run the boards , the guy who runs the lights got to dancing and backhanded me square in the chest .
a jealous girlfriend is a faithful girlfriend . if she doesn't get jealous when someone has your attention , it's because someone has hers . . . .
don't cry ! i wrapped your present and it's on my school bag !
the reason the sixers won last night was randomness . it depended on so many factors that it was a coin flip .
whoever says women can't drive has never taken a cab ride from one . so much better .
it breaks my heart .
oh dont worry about me . . i'll just keep everything inside .
life is funny . when i was the one into him , people tell me " he's a kid , he's disgusting , he's ugly" . and now they're dating ?
how did i know you would hate on dirty dirk nowitzki! ! hatorade good this morning when u woke up ? and why is ashlee forbidden ?
how do you make money online ? you find out common problems and solve them . juanita waterman
love that one !
i now walk 3 times a day , because i have a dog . short walk in the a.m . and night , long walk after work . every day !
where is my cd with dead man walkin ' on it
this could spark a good debate . best chinese food in the city ? rt : i want chinese food tonight . make it so .
great seeing you last night . ..good feedback about the game .
my pleasure ! appreciate your business :)
my #lrt aww , i feel bad for her . lmfaoooooooo ,
seriously ! and on a night when i had to get up early for work . running on 3 hrs sleep now . :(
serious as a bb-gun shot to the eye .
middle school boys are so immature . . . . smfh
thanks buddy . just been a very trying week mentally .
he's getting his phd at kings college currently . i'll tell him to keep an eye out for you too .
my sister tells me she is hungry so i make her food !
hey bubba ! you ain't one of those sobs , are ya ?
thats what i say when you dont go ! :( im sorry .
damn ! celtics arent doin to good this season ! lets get this going cs !
pictures pretty please ? :)
must start listening to the hopscotch spotify playlist *now* so i can have it all heard by september .
we got a great new product mirrored illuminated windshields with led lights . check it out . www.darksideshields.com
greetings on the sunday of the blind man !
if lincecum could just move the pitching rubber 18 inches to the first base side . . . . .
you better dude! ! or i mean are you hanging with melissa as planned ? :o
i'm seriously so fed up with la drivers . . be as conceited as you want in your daily life but don't take it to the road . . calm the f* down !
i hear that all the time from people that already graduated .
pretty good opening 12 minutes !
the show will end . the boys will go solo . there'll be no more ' band' . but one thing's for sure , i won't stop supporting the btr guys . <3
oreo's do the trick when its late rt : i need candy , now .
" flaming"--are you referring to the fires of hell ?
dave meltzer is reporting early estimates for #ufc 145 at 700k ppv buys . good result . hope ufc can build on this momentum .
waiting for this phone call from before bed . too tired . .
whenever i'm upset i just watch or listen to straight to dvd
pray for a plan .
hey amy ! how have you been ?
flying on a saturday night
not sure i can make it out , gots a client preso to finish for tomorrow . i'll let you know otherwise
you're really pretty :)
beer today gone tomorrow
" : as a #scorpio you are at your most beautiful when you channel your sly charm to energize those around you . "
there once was a time when everyone thought i was crazy for reading a book that was about teenagers who were forced to hunt one another .
had a great birthday yesterday despite the cold and stress ! thanks to for making it xtra awesome .
stop liking and commenting on everything aaahhhh
it must incredible to wake up in the mornings and realise that there are 22 million little monsters that would die for you
nice ! you and/or paul want to join me at the sec basketball tournament tomorrow ?
your son is amazing . ! i'm very proud of him!( : can i get a follow back please . ? also you should all come up to columbus soonwordswordswordswordswordswords
not necessarily . i was treated quite poorly in high school b/c of my disability . many of those people are now more compassionate .
20 years ago today came ride's epic going blank again . wish i hadn't already done a ride friday flashback jam .
when are you and coming to the uk ? we need you! ! !
black mamba played out of his mind tonight !
august 13 , 1995 - mickey mantle dies of cancer at the age of 63 .
have a lighting project and overwhelmed with all the choices ? contact us and get a professional design without the hassle> factory direct
rt : so excited for today's launch of ! who's going to give bikes a test run and let us know how you like it ?
pens when in overtime . ..not happy , leave me alone !
viva mexico ! 1-0 over chili . :)
another #drupal rant - i also now have over 120k spam comments in a forum despite having had mollum up and running fine six months ago . wtf ?
good luck tonight at the hospital !
so bored . texts would be nice .
how ' bout adding the east side shuttle to nextbus ?
let's play a #raindelaygame . ..if they didn't play ball , what would they do ? hafner would be a bouncer tossing kipnis out . your turn .
i see these are twitter tweak hours lol
here works , but i'm figuring out how to get it turned on so i'm sorry til then
i realised md is such a boring state
happy mother's day ! !
you will have a talk with the attorney of quot nakhtigalquot eisenstein associates into g of portlend state of oregon :-)
who's going to the pop punk's not dead tour tonight ? !
hey your madonna chat is saturday with a live audience ? not a normal tape day . .so how would one reuqest tix ?
looks like that's about to change . rt day 46 - no arrest
i love how these trojan commercials come on at night , lmao .
today wuss a qudd day until i qot out of school . ! hope it continues . ! not n the mood for anymore bs
um yeah what are u doing there when you can be with me (your wife)
it's definitely a culture of arrogance .
praying for the victims of the collapse of sugarland's stage :(
if you need something to do follow me ! i follow back !
that's balance .
. ..as i eat watermelon sour patch and raisinets
welcome new followers !
weighing on my mind ? andrew's road to independence and has starting my own business interfered with his progress ?
actually contends the eagles are not a california band . tell him what you think !
he lurrrrrves competition episodes .
i fall asleep to early am now im up :(
holy crap! ! i am at tucson mall right now , i think i'm going to head over there .
what are you jealous ?
roses are red . violets are blue . and so are your balls if you're lucky enough to be married on valentines day .
so much for being optimistic . i guess i wonder what it feel like to be pessimistic . when im gone she miss it . when im near she hate it .
let's do this ! see you in 15 in room m100i downstairs .
ate my annual cadbury creme egg . whoa sugar rush . my teeth hurt now . . .
i saw that
this bus feels like a rollercoaster me and mely the only ones on it and we are dancing
good monday morning ! have you seen our commercial on your favorite show ?
you looked so amazing <3 #mybestfriend #perfection :)
very nice ! i love it when i get to meet a tweep in person !
ticket stock needed to be refilled . there were newspapers left on the seats in the boarding area . lines formed then fed planes .
happy jacks will be closed until friday , may 18 . ..thank you for you understanding and patronage . ..hope to see you next week . ..happy jack
knock knock knocking on the senates door
where are y'all
i may be beautiful on the outside but on the inside , i'm a terrible person . :/
upside down from a tree . wow even my typing stinks today . so glad its friday ! :)
god made man before woman so the man would have time to think of an answer for the woman's first question .
go runners !
congratulations on the announcement of your child to you and your wife .
giants got a steal with reuben randle though . . .
soul men funny af
this needs to come back to cincinnati ! #bunbury #i know you are listening
can anyone out there recommend a good chiropractor ?
this man , has done more honorary feats for our community . - his influence means a great deal . - thank you , mister president
just made some cooling lemonade with fresh lemons and stevia . sweet , really healthy , high in vitamin c and perfect for this hot weather .
haha . ..where are the tops ? ( :
only pointing out the flaws of your child & not congratulating them on their efforts= low self-esteem .
holy freaking cisse . . .
i know !
i just talked to a guy from poland . i understood him
word son
never getting up at 4a.m . again #sleepy #lifeofaprincess wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
house hunting is my favorite . :)
end to a great and busy day ! just pulled 2 live barbwire et full sib calves .
not sure what the deal is
love arsenio and adam .
how much #golf has #obama played ? read it here- ussportspages.com
i hope my austin friends and my friends at go see tonight at the paramount theatre . 7 pm folks .
show me my fade then rt : ayye both of yall pussy
he used to be in eugene , but still not buying it .
thanks for the suggestion . we've added it to the queue of books to add .
#rejectedfuneralhomenames we got bodies over here
okc needs him rt : thunder pr says kendrick perkins (right hip strain) will truly be a " game time decision " tomorrow .
it's hard to prepare a fabulous meal after a full day of work ! is a great go-to source for tasty , quick & #easyrecipes !
seated and tweeted terrific vibe and syked for sykes .
i'm so sorry for the loss of your youth .
its a 7 hour ride i doubt it was good
brewed awakenings book signing with josh bernstein dec17th 1-4pm free craft beer and homebrew!!!don't miss this .
is it bad to use tanning lotions on tattoos ?
coach , my woman just said the same damn thing , hahaha ! so true !
agree completely . . . . ..and if you aren't sure , just ask . . . .'cause they'll tell you
who needs a massage . . . . ? (that is a retorical question) ;)
hurtin my feelings
one of the best ways to advertise your business is with vehicle graphics !
i wore a large sweater , holey skinnies , and my moccasins because feeling especially ugly today .
no , i'm not who i used to be ; i am so much better .
it's it wrong to hope facebook shares are trading at $3.80/ share by 3pm ?
i look like a vein is about to burst .
i'm not going to take the same old sedan . ..or the new one .
watching the x factor
just waiting to watch the new atlanta housewives
re : being removed from a friend's contact list . ..if u are the remover or new phone friend . let the 1 texting u know u lost ur phone
an #nyrangers win tonight will end the 3-year streak of the #stanleycup champion playing in the #winterclassic the year prior . (pit-chi-bos)
it was odd . just a bar-time thing , i guess . seemed on the edge of newsworthy at the time .
what do you think comes first - someone's incredibly negative attitude or all of their percieved bad luck ?
hella was suppose to see today but that didnt happen . smh .
i can't believe that it's been 14 years since seinfeld finished . . . now i just feel old , thanks mate .
good morning blessed people ! time is the most valuable thing a man can spend . spend it wisely and waste on no one !
greetings/salutations to you , uncommon mr . c . hope all is well/swell with you/yours .
text me
i am a #mahomie . i have listened 11:11 . i love it . it is on replay . i am a 11:11-aholic and i love
thanks for picking up spl fixtures !
i had a meltdown last night over trying to start a business while still working full time . :-( how is it supposed to work ?
ok lol rt : come travel with me
so sorry to hear , laura . thoughts & prayers to you & your family .
hope you get invited to their trailer
did anyone else see the correlation between nietzsche and the business bluffing article ?
good ! glad u are beter ! :)
never liked the idea of trading one borg for another . . .
i wish would live tweet during the spurs fa cup semi . ..provide me some english insight . . .
" i gave her my other credit card , but by the time she swiped it was too latewordswordswordssorry father."-
watching blues clues with adri this morning !
you already kno doe .
omg what do she has on . . . she ratchet !
you have a pool ? o.o
#filmmaking is problem-solving first - all the creativity/uniqueness/art flows in naturally . ..after the problems have been solved :)
what ? ! why would they ever do that . so stupid .
$115/yr to watch all games on mlb.tv , and i can use my roku . oh yeah!! ! !
time for ice hockey . let's hope we keep it under double digits this time !
i screwed up so bad in biomed today , i literally felt like an illiterate deprived third world child . ,sorry bud
you can't scratch every time you itch! ! !
when the past calls , let it go to voicemail . it has nothing new to say . . . . . . . . . . . .~ranie~ (via love quotes and sayings)
is it tomorrow or yesterday ?
just witnessed a star wars poetry slam . true stories .
no good night tweets ?
#winning #asalways mt : it's 1045p on a wednesday . not drinking , just sharing the wisdom of jack handy with the masses .
i'm guessing that falk's big loss in dane cty had lot to do with old grudges , too : lots of ppl brought up her campaign v . lautenschlager .
back 2 reality tomorrow . looking forward to the tornado simulation that and put together . look 4 my stories mon - wed @ 10 .
#gratitweet for the #giants allowing me to be happy for the next 2 weeks .
haven't been swimming in over a week and i'm to tired to care
you only live once .
its yves saint laurent fall 2011 collection . :)
bill , i hid the body now what ? help !
if you can make a girl laugh , you can make her do anything . - marilyn monroe
are you playing that logo game too ? !
3's together look like an eight . . . i think ?
just busted a move in my room . all hot and sweaty now .
thanks for the rt , anne !
excited about them playing i'm in ,"too much drama , to stay focused" . by earl singleton
it amazes me how my book has a life of its own . it gets sold on amazon/kindle to strangers and i realize it's not really " mine " anymore .
great great , about 2 weeks out and ready to fight ! how you been ? getting ready for anything ?
forget what i said yesterday - i still get so into it when i'm playing this stuff , even when i'm being tested on it .
so so happy for you !
o sweet , there's a bunch of money in a caymans island account waiting for me
hoping this cold goes away soon !
three more days without cable and internets . . .
not to mention that the initial request for the move (from a #church) was they were disgusted with
tune into 98 rock ~9:10am as the owl bar brings in some delicious treats to mickey , spiegel , & amelia !
starting from you . . . saying haaretz and nyt are one of israel's - and the jewish nation - worst enemies isn't far from truth
finally got some sunshine here in indy . gotta be the worst place for weather for those of us who like palm trees & sunshine !
here is a test to find whether your mission on earth is finished : if you're alive it isn't . ~ richard bach ~
#smiles up lifting
of course ! rt : im glad u noticed ;)
bought a pack of boxer briefs , threw out the maroon pair . tlm .
rt : man , b.e.t need to play " player club " ! tired of seeing the same movies .
i am just totally speechless . probably is laughing as well
i just shot the tail off a dragon . in exchange , i got a nifty sword . i'd say it's a fair trade .
forgot to mention that i'm performing with norm macdonald tonight , and next saturday with norm at the house of blues in vegas .
last full week of school .
follow back lady ?
just says down for whit stillman's , damsel's in distress .
my dwelling joins navoba and the buy veteran campaign .
so . ..do i buy a kindle now or what for the kindle dx ? m . . . .
i'm a little behind on this - word of the day : zephyr (n) any soft , gentle wind
so today at the seven step fair i scared sixth graders while paigee told them to stir her rice ;d productive day
you dope af
that could be a possibility in the future man ! i like helping kids
don't be afraid to take a big step . you can't cross a chasm in two small jumps . ~ david lloyd george
what's the weather like in atlanta ? do i need a sweater ?
graduation is only a concept . in real life every day you graduate . graduation is a process that goes on until the last day of your life .
you were the leadoff hitter in the first major league game i ever attended . (may 30 , 1976 , tiger stadium)
#cosign rt : harolds and head : 2 things i am never not in the mood for .
love it
i am only an intern remember . not much pull , i tried lol keep trying don't give up .
playing a cop today in blue bloods
sucks . we just want to leave your service because you charge so much & you " transfer " us till we get " disconnected " hello
um ? i'm not sure ? just post by post , i guess ! did you hear about the thing that happened ? how whack is that ! ? !
i have to many insecurities about my self
fair enough . quality control is def . an issue in new indian publishing . but i'm optimistic about aleph (mentioned in article) .
lol the knicks would smash the pacers ? really ? the pacers just beat the knicks a week ago
milestone ! we just gaveaway our 10,000th free bumper sticker !
prom dress frenzyy
excited for this #bcan webinar right now - planning a run/walk with for bladder cancer awareness in may !
true ! hopefully you have a good team on hand though !
i counted two headlines on yahoo's news feed today about male celebrities getting a haircut . two ! why does america care ?
st.john property's daniel thomas is introducing peter linneman here at ub . #real estate
meeeh u get to go lol i'm busy tomorrow :o
hahaha i think it needed to be pure red , maybe with a hint of pink , ya know ? !
it's been only 5 minutes and #iconhacked is the number one thing trending ,
it's official , we've beaten last year's attendance - and we've still got 5 weeks left in this fiscal year - hooray ! bring on the visitors ! !
keyra :) and you ?
" el indio no vive sin la tortilla . "
because the chl plays the nhl style . leaving europe to play in the chl can only benefit the european player , no ?
right on ! i can dig it
make it happen before your body crashes on you
astro being the man per the usual
about to hear from about social tv
that's right no one does and it sucks for them
with andy kushner entertainment , inc . tonight at the marriott in bmore for a corporate event! ! !
and tomorrow is the year anniversary of my " broken heart" . akron is coming back to haunt me today
that's caron butler's handle , such a class act . rt : much respect to memphis and there fans
so i got the new iphone 2 days ago and now its broken -__-
who do you think you are- me ?
u welcome
i really do hope this turns out well . i'm teaching my self another new program for it .
i'm fine thanks , sorry for the late reply i was packing and getting ready . wordswordswords
bebe , you fell asleep on me -__- i miss you already . blah but i love you tho :) call me when you wake
i wanna kiss you everywhere between ya knees & waist . hear the sounds that you make & get ya knees to shake
pretty much tired as hell.just know getting off
is awesome .
congrats ! - the b side
enjoyed on today . he made some great points that needed to be said for the asian/pacific islander community .
doing great what have you been up to ?
shoutout to all our new followers . for those asking about s next show , he's booking shows and will be performing soon .
satan knows that if he can control our thoughts then he can control our
damsels in distress is definitely worth a pto day .
rt i seem to be better at blogging when my life is going positive . i know someone who is opposite
someones a little pissed off tweeter
i love the guy u interview with the gangsta voice . normally i agree with him . not expecting gdp as anemic as he forecasts .
need to move the slide and swingset from the backyard to the garage , err university . got offers extended to the dog and goldfish as adjuncts
us too ! rt : i've been waiting for all week !
reading cosmo while still sick on the couch . i wanna get outta this house . at least this magazine is giving me good company :)
lemme hear some - " so many girls "
i'm eating cake and drinking tequila !
sure does
i begged and begged for a relationship now that i have it i dont want it anymore its too much arguing and stress for me
i'm now glad i decided to nap through the previous game instead of this one .
she say i'm cocky i say that's not me she call me papi i say ven aqui
i just had to decline your open house and it made me so sad :( i'll be on vacation
i don't know what's up with me giving handshakes to everyone in my school .
is it me or did we somehow sneak over the 2000 threshold ? don't tell mr tweet guy
*ugh* *cringe* you know i love zooey . although i haven't been able to get into her new show . i've been mia , i know .
dedication : adam iverson , we miss you so much !
please facebook , set up a site for only foster care kids who need to report probs in their homes . ..reporting useless situations
i will become the very best manga artist!! ! !
if i get an offer from 1 agent and a 2nd has my full , what's the best way to see if the 2nd still wants to be in the running ?
who has the #mufc score from this weekend ? out of town
as of this morning 70% of final grades have been submitted . a final reminder is being sent to instructors shortly .
what about us ? !
appetizer . ..fried green tomatoes or crab cakes! ! one of our favorite restaurants !
why i love my blackberry
they falling like the rain , so we ain't running out .
ya ya , spoken like a true
i'm scared but i can do this !
nothing says post-feminist like espn !
#wordsyouwillneverhearmesay i hate you mom "
mind . blown . by sister helen prejean .
hate when the news makes accidents worse than what they are . yes accidents are horrible , but no need to make it worse with the wrong words !
new dishwasher installed . . . livin ' the dream .
#itsawkwardwhen you plan an office birthday celebration and the person does not show up .
bought an adorable shirt today .
most disappointing is tough , probably the wide receivers . all of them except driver !
thank you , we're looking forward to seeing the game courtesy of dunkin donuts !
how long are you in town for ?
thank you so much for all the love !
how do i design an app like ? so rad !
sorry to disappoint everyone but our behavior modification program is full right now .
wyoming ! back tuesday . thanks !
sounds like my kind of day !
be safe with irene , and good luck ! we're hoping in baltimore to not have a repeat of isabel
dang . i could've won ' s contest but i spelled it wrong d ;
it was fascinating to me seeing how oberg's life informed his work , it'd be interesting to see more scholars ' biographies .
warning : my twitter account has been hacked . if you receive a " direct message " from my account , please do not click on the link . argh !
it's thursday ! time to get to the smiling moose for lunch!(11am-3pm) lots of killer food & drink specials to choose from today !
i like my women like i like my dubstep , heavy , energetic , and something i hope i never have to tell my kids about .
how do you like our broom ? win !
hi ya john !
this life is less than an infinitely divided fraction of a blink of an eye .
who is excited for austin's suprise ? :d
just made a twitter , and i feel like a sell out . . . lol
#808pridegetin2nous we r all sucku at school . ..sometimes
sure , lets do it . no matter what if you need an rv and cool group to go with , i have one .
my lil brother is hot out there
and . here . we . go .
3:58pm miami vs kansas st kickoff
prepping online class w twitter/blackboard/adobe connect as principle tools 4 engagement . suggestions ?
just signed up for living building challenge 2.0 () workshop in early summer . been meaning to do this for some time . . .
nope . not at all . just an observation .
when you answer that you don't need room for cream , that means you do want coffee filled to the brim so you can't avoid scalding your hands
who is ready for a date ? ! make your way to this thursday ! also enjoy your $1 drink !
love all your sites and pics and graffiti !
you want me to go out in this storm ? wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
already starting to feel overwhelmed . . . seaside yoga under the moonlight at is just what i need !
hey thanks for the follow !
close this game grizzlies !
i actually saw a police officer on horseback galloping through downtown .
beauty is not a man in appearance , but in his actions .
so awesome ! congrats jen ! i can't wait 2 c u on boardwalk ! :)
i know ! i love it
ugh soo sleepy .
you wanna know what's annoying when boys like girls for their looks! ! !
up 9 , into half .
everybody . . . check out boosie's mixtape #freelilboosie on datpiff.com . ^*forever trill*^
yeah idk she circled for me to do the major and i was like um lady i need to graduate soon and she was like its the same amount
i just realized that lol people already took te name that i wanted . imma change it again lol
we had so much fun , but you would have been a nice addition . miss you love
really don't wanna go to mrs clark
a tribe called quest
u wanna do it at my place or urs ? my mom wants to meet u badly lol
what's up w kanye and all these bum ass outfits ? ! ? ! he and kim don't look good together at all
listening to disney songs in german because , well , disney songs in german . damn .
me too ! i was up at five =[
rt : apparently in sadpc there is more activity on #socialtext than email
celebrity death match was dope .
not your fault you sleep with the people in my school and either impregnate them or get pregnant . haha .
looking forward to seeing many old friends and colleagues at mls execs meeting , 3:00 eastern at
rt : follow these people or a rabid meerkat might chase you through the streets :
rutherford haze
speaking at epps b'fast this am . anyone planning on attending ? might hit griddle for pancakes immediately prior .
wtf no way . . . shot someone lmaf ha
thanks! ! i will i put votes i put my vote for in today . and your last tweet ! xd we rule ! !
congrats johnny ! rt : last night , out of the blue , i found out i got a top 5 song on billboard ! i can't believe it !
see the disney dancers , racing sausages , ronald mcdonald , santa claus and more at the holiday parade on saturday--9:30 am in downtown mke .
mya hatchette , the lawyer who is autism bullying & abusing me , works for winderweedle , haines , ward & woodman , pa in orlando , florida
i have worked with & served as a coach to 2 of entrepreneur of the year regional winners .
bet you didn't know : liposuction gives you better control over where you gain weight in the future .
no matter how much you hate your cell , once it's gone forever you miss it terribly . rip bb
hence the rt . . . .
i wish leo cared more about his hair and less about his parents ' marriage .
happy birthday ily ( ;
emperor palpatine scored a key legislative victory today thanking the imperial senate . . . er house republican caucus 4 their support
yeah aren't they just great
he had a legit reason . unlike ty.isnt it funny how dawn is still so in love with him and also ignacio ? how does stiles handle that ?
i love it when the bartender is just as messed up as the bar goers . . .
heartburn . back pain . disgruntled feelings towards technology and today's youth . when did i turn 80 ?
i love my #mac because i just installed a printer wirelessly and then printed something . just like that ! no groaning , no restarting . booya !
just went skateboarding for the first time in 3 years . landed a kickflip . i feel accomplished . hahah
we have a contest 4 mib3 goodies & a gift card , all delivered . just tweet #agentdlv to & be entered for a chance to win !
" : god only gives three answers to prayer : 1 . ' yes! ' 2 . ' not yet . ' 3 . ' i have something better in mind . "
channeling his inner standup at
just want to see if i still have that morning anchor ability . it's only been about 15 years ! lol rt : the . . .
transporting wounded civil war soldiers by train involved straw bedding on bunks in boxcars . yikes .
#topnotchdriver rt : thank you very much . yes , it is a flash cab . you can also check out my fav tweets to see . .
if you skype , feel free to connect with me there too . . . jasonarmbruster
ask carter :)
ginsberg reflection , martian soliloquy basically sums up the entire theme of the series .
reading facebook marketing for dummies by gr8 tools . if ur a npo & haven't read it , grab it .
bad cotton mouth ! need something to drink hajahaja <3
completed a lifetime wish by getting to level 10 of the political career in the sims 3 for playstationwordswords3
im feelin good and good is feelin me too
glad you came rt : our visit to at
in da kitchen making my kids some pancakes while dey playing in da backyard
no problem . ..thanks for the rt !
happy mothers day to my wife and mom !
in school , bored as hell , how's everyone ? xx
warning : fells point el . al . cars must be removed from city snow emergency routes . abandoned vehicles will be ticketed and towed .
why you gotta be so mean ?
i want someone to paint with
yep . ..you got it !
feeling much better today :) :) :) my bro comes to visit tomorro! ! !
whats exclusive about 187 beats that all low key sound the same
out of ? ha !
i miss that elf . . . thing .
you got rodgers ' number ? think you could lend it to me ? gotta give him some advice about women -- they're out to get him , man .
baby tylenol for everyone ! (hang in there)
the house always seems to get cold around this time
it will just be me at mw this year . we are both going to aam and doing a panel 2 weeks later . busy times !
a blessed and wonderful christmas to everyone , and remember to keep god first .
use promo code- sporta(all lower case) to get 20% off all sklz sports training products , includ sklz rapid fire(only $119.99)@ www.sklz.com
#lionking is like the best disney movie #classic ( :
insanity started today . this fit test and i have a lot of work to do . . .
you are very honest . lol
that's what my sister says too . i'm not a huge honey fan but i'm willing to try anything . thanks !
louis auchincloss : wordswordswordsthe glittering structure of her cultivation sits on her novels like a showy icing that detracts from the cake beneath.wordswordswords
- i still contend that plainsong , pictures of you & closedown is the best three-song opening to any album , ever .
thanks for the news of the first humpback whale sighting of the season ! !
just finished playing " oh hell " wit my mom & gma & omg my sides hurt from laughing so hard . ..we're a lil nuts . ..makes it fun
oh canada ! let me tell you , canadians love sasquatch ! i met so many beautiful , kind and wonderful canadians this weekend ! i <3 canada !
mayor ' s april 18th state of the city address will be given at paramount studios , according to his office .
yes ! #giants win ! i have no fingernails left , but it was worth it .
mavs-bulls final ?
thanks man it definatly was
you can't reach what is meant for you if you allow distractions into your life . . .
doorknobs lock sets pirces : baldwin 5405.150.pass classic knob . . .
winning is so much harder . . .
wordswordswords : always time for vodka ! #bottomsupwordswordswordsi double that .
what ? cod ?
im in da studio wut time u get out work ! ?
thanks for making it out to see the bros! ! rt : the flying karamazov brothers at was juggle-rific !
#thingsthataresexy long tongues
trying to convince a friend to go out . . .
if it can go wrong today it will . . i just feel like crying .
looks like only 2 . tonight was only the 3rd game of the 0-10 slump . . .
i dont like texting . if you wanna talk to me you gotta call . and idkk what you be doing just to call you out the blue .
my daughter has succumbed to the hp society at her school and peer pressure and is reading harry potter book 1
to the space colony that newt will allegedly build ! :)
yeah sam , on the curb right outside our place :)
thanks for all the new likes everyone -- brings a big , happy smile to my face !
yeah i'm just gonna work hard and see where it gets me
hello sir , thanks for following . i'll follow you too . (i'm still asking myself the question : who is john galt ? #atlasshrugged)
can't wait for tonight !
i was just at the lego store . . . what what!! ! !
that's how you feelin
ugh , realized i need definite pesach plans . . . anyone have suggestions in the dc area (inside the beltway)
it's what's on the inside that counts !
in the market outcomes are for sale . define your outcomes , focus on outcomes not metrics , find rational funders as buyers .
accidentally just ate a booger . the cons of biting your finger nails .
just currious , how old were you when you bought your first home ?
mayday time! ! wish was here ! !
still need to sign up for advising
lol um yeah i do know i see y'all !!!! ! lmfao
i love you mother nature . sorry for everything ive said the last few months .
for #wars and #taxcuts you demanded rt : governments worldwide have borrowed 100 trillion last ten years . defaults inevitable
how do we contact you about an event ?
your gorgeous :d
apt typo ! rt : heading to god rapids today for #2012mac ! . . . on lookout for #artprize treasures for
wherever dick clark is , do you think he's goin ' hoppin ' ?
working on some new stuff :) hopefully well have a new record by the summer
it feels like a friday , but it's not
thanks for your support , daddy'o ! have a great day !
i'm so happy to see such a big response for new song hiq vich jor - bhagat singh . hard work pays off . thank you for the love !
my coach loves me . . . ..and that will never happen you meanie butt . but i guess i love you too
this is the story of my life .
i'll be basking in r&b and hip-hop paradise this summer . working my research job . few other obligations = need to step volunteer game up,too
went kayacking . . very interesting experience that was . . .
miss you babe ! i hope you're having tons of fun !
800+ delicious bookmarks successfully imported into a wordpress custom post type . it wasn't easy , that's for sure .
neednew speakers in my car thanks to theseguys> && #speakers=blown
how about the cupid shuffle
neckritz asks about the current %age contribution for each fund & the multiplier for the city's role in contribution .
jamie did the plank way before justin bieber he only did it three days ago jamie did the plank may 17th
i have been going to shows for longer than i would like to admit . my favorite hip hop act not named public enemy
have fun on the cruise
gettin ready to smoke this blunt on the lawn !
i wonder if music isn't more social when you're younger . more about trying to fit in and identify .
the dead start walking again in one hour
#dailyfeedback songs about fears - dan hicks david bowie
blaise pascal~ eloquence is a painting of the thoughts .
going to visit my parents tomorrow evening .
what up dude
did you know . ..nearly 4 million tons of tea are harvested every year ? drink tea and have a great day ?
and when a hero comes along with the strength to carry on ; and you cast your fears aside ; and you can survive . . .
wordswordswords : savannah smells like dead fish . .wordswordswords you get used to it .
when will you be installing a track in your new facility ?
good stuff today from tlc at #nynt time to reflect on ' evidence ' and rubric interpretation #appr #edchat still hate the word evidence though
learning some cool songs on harry wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
we like the way you think , emma ! :)
i just got this message from g+ : " it looks like you've exceeded the number of searches we allow . please wait a bit and try again . "
on the road . . . driving from jax to tampa right now . work at 9pm . . . seven did it big
love it here !
#incaseyoudidntknow i don't care about your whole damn life story , i just met you , #tmi .
everyone is saying that the avengers was awesome and i didn't see it tonight . :(
was gonna read an article before i retweeted it , but then was like yoloooooooo
want to sample fine food ? willing to share your notes with your twitter followers ? then apply to be taster at www.tastetweet.com plz rt
been fun , let's do this again . ..in 20 years - ready for live shows next week ! rt : 20th ann . tribute to sam kinison on h100/h101
i'd love that ! we could catch up here or back in ny some time
if katy perry hadn't said yes to niall one direction wouldn't have been formed . that's why shes on replay . duh .
next special performance by du soleil @ #drupa at 10:45 - best view is in the grow zone of #xerox stand in hall 8b
cheers to you , window creeper .
mt have u read imagine:how #creativity works by ? (or haven't read it but plan 2!) join in #creativereads tonight at 8 et
yess!! ! i wanna wear them everywhere lol but i haven't worn them at all yet rt : : the ones i saw ?
kevin costner is heart felt !
what!! ! ? eli won sb number one his fourth year buddy with less playoff experience ! smh !
well idk yeah some people ' like ' those bands for those reasons . . . i didn't even know what kellin looked like when i first
- awesome list !
good luck to nwpc endorsed candidates (sec-nc) , (in-09) and (wv-01) in their primaries today !
ok game over . chest palpitations easing :) time to get my cinco de mayo game on . . .
thanks , anna ! i hadn't seen that yet .
check out what 2006 poker player of the year is saying about this movie .
yuck , its way too hot & humid out
new pictures up
but i rather go to walmart to play in the store lol
expand your beer horizons some . not that you'll have that opportunity at that place .
top of the morning to you , sir .
printed and framed awesome image , ate kimchee ramen , friend got the present i sent , weather is amazing . spring is here . life is good .
#sportsexposden is just 3 days away ! the news is spreading everywhere thanks to our friends , and !
the wrong girls get all the attention .
awsome ! but . . . ..i still feel bad lol
asked a kid on my softball team if he had any grey poupon while at a red light . he said " grey poupon what's that ? " #kids #imnotthatoldright ?
i really love the band the head and the heart :)
the gymanimals love disney ! and we know disney interactive studios love the gymanimals ! yaaay ! :-)
thirteen weeks and counting <3
you made me look , and they're totally pg-21 . no worries !
that was easy lolololol
we miss you more!! ! !
anyone know of a good asian market in #abq ? help ! !
today's specials at emerald city catering and take out : 50 cent wings and minestrone soup
right ! you're basically wearing your cars . like wuttt .
double the cheese on mine fam
how was it ? ! :d
i am back , after a much needed vacation . looking forward to connecting with all you again . have a great week ! !
why yes . ..yes you could .
- well , what seasons have you seen so far ? lol cuz i dont wanna name one u dont know lol .
ambition is a poor excuse for not having enough sense to be lazy
it was a great group effort , and very much a learning experience about publishing collaborative media work like that .
thanks to all our amazing twitter followers! ! !
movie night ? i think so .
just saturday and sunday
philly fans . . . . . .toughest fans in the world . they beat up santa clause during a playoff game .
600 followers #yee thanks everyone ! :d
how you eat may depend on who you re eating with , according to a new study .
out of town for #cue12 , but received the best voicemail from my mom saying that she picked up my new ipad !
i met the most amazing man today ; he lives in the mirror . whats up
thanks for the follow , ! love the new episodes of and your new single that came out last tuesday ! !
lmbo!!!!!!!!! ! (i know why) rt : my daughter just walked by me watching celts-sixers and asked , " why do u have it on mute ? "
i could hear the music in the ferry !
for tedrow's class the first 5 pages of our litterary term thing is due
the longest two hours is happening right now . . . when . . . is . . . work . . . over . . .
thanks ! definitely check us out .
o . what do you think ?
its mad bright out thought i woke up late !
i'll take it . years as a psu fan have made me accept winning ugly .
begins shooting the role of concetta in the trailer for the years of the locusts directed by italian documentary filmmaker , carlo mignano .
what i want you've got and it might be hard to handle like the flame that burns the candle the candle feeds the flame
already here ! excited about god !
just learned tht " la tortuga " means " the turtle":))
tired of people in my life trying to force a square peg into a round hole . preschool fundamentals . . .
man its hot af
and i are on our way to #paws chicago to pick up a couple puppies to foster ! so excited !
north carolina votes to ban teh ghey marrieds . marriage between close relatives still legal .
how is anyone surprised that working women voted for romney ? santorum's education plan requires women go home to school their kids! ! !
i'm a secret writer . (in spanish) that's why i keep it anonymously . i don't have the pancreas for critics . :d
me too so i ate a boiled egg and drank a cup of water lol
their mother thanks you . :p
we want innovation without experiencing failure . we want to embrace the new without risk . we want to adapt but fear the death of familiarity
new episode will be up on friday . will play some tunes he's currently into at the moment .
i'm sure alcohol compounded it , but was more i interrupted the cops at their breakfast . . . they wanted make me pay .
i discovered aqua-socks in my closet ! huzzah ! i can't stand being barefoot any where .
yeah , just pick up a few of them . ha !
jesus the christ is trending , i love that :d
lol poor dude :(
some people have an " eliminate the competition attitude " no big tent "
getting lots of stuff done through #mturk . great way for ad hoc work to get done quickly . ui pretty clunky but still worth it .
any city any town stick me where the hood at .
me too ! rt : i'm over this bipolar weather
but , what about the insurance corp itself ? seems like i could join state farm through an independent agent . what's the diff ?
this mornings operation : sound off ! interview on wsm's bill cody show has been postponed due to weather .
wordswordswords : re-word that , please ? wordswordswords to what ? lol
wow , can you say paper weight !
what is it ? ( :
lol what kind of work do you want done yo ?
can't wait for snoop dogg tonight , mma on saturday and 3 doors down on sunday . check out ava's amazing venue and upcoming events !
r u serious my birthday is on august 01 too lol but im back here in la so i need 6 hrs lol
reupholstering old couches is almost never cost-effective
amazing , right ? wow . who would have ever thought ?
if you do not succeed in fascinating your customer , your product will fail . and if that happens , you fail too .
just downloaded new mixtape s(he) be(lie)ve(d) for free exclusively at www.jasminevmusic.com ! jasminev mixtape
seriously . i'd put nationalistic-posturing anti-soccer diatribes ("americans love offense") in the same category .
that's a good idea . i'll tweet him that and let you know if he replied and what he said ! ;)
wordswordswords : first tweet ! dinner with friends . really sweet.wordswordswords
same . i'm tired of watching them on tv .
when i get home im doing my rt's for which person in the crew you look good w/ + a picture . rt >that< tweet ( :
ok , you sound good , yo . thank you . really . this is my favorite cure song .
which hospital are you at ? i'll totally bring you coffee
need some new music suggestions , what music did you discover while teaching/studying/traveling abroad ?
people aren't looking at the big picture . ..owners , owners , owners . . .
raise the jolly roger! ! !
probably all the gay sex you have
don't know if it's taboo but something we rarely see depicted in ch/ya bks is cross dressing . also transgender parents .
wordswordswords : cato can get it wordswordswordshaha turning up the heat w that beauty in hg
ready to see if is as hilarious on stage as he is in books . yay !
everybody can tell you how to do it but they never did it .
hey alan-thanks for sharing news @ our bootleg- it goes on sale next monday 14th . can you help correct your post ?
seeing other artists do brilliant work makes me feel very humble . <3
it must be summer in south texas already
awesome ! i love etsy . someday , i will have a job again and fill my house with lovely handcrafted camera themed things .
2 timothy 2:16 gives great insight to the devils plan 1) to trap u 2) to use u as a pawn to do his will . refuse to let him use u today !
that is right!!! ! come out and visit me in san diego soon ok! ! !
haha ! exactly . i don't think he ate sardines 4 dinner , tho . . . . yes , i'm always on twitter .
my kia gets 30-35 miles to a gallon which i am grateful for ! i would upgrade to a more fuel efficient car if a) had a job b) had money
colts , " hey tressel , interested ? " jt , " do i have to enforce any rules ? " colts , " we have a commissioner to fine players . " jt , " then yes "
wordswordswords : #twitterselfreflection i really like the big lebowskiwordswordswords
thanx , miss talking to my serena :(
ok ok , you bring with you , and we can ball at chesapeake , then we play a mile away at the performance lab . ;-)
thanks for commenting on the #umbcsocial blog . we're excited to get the ball rolling on this conversation .
70s-80s ! delightful ! in lk mi i don't get that until sept . no need for wetsuit except for float .
mastering for country music legend lynn anderson today .
mitt romney coming to #hrva thursday .
i want some of that food i make last nite
so cute ! want it asap
at work , rockin ' the ish out of this purple rain soundtrack like it's nobody's business !
thx for the follow . just downloaded your app . looking forward to checking it out . congrats !
my last conversation was with 14 people who can't say " breakfast " correctly . 13 are kids . what i wouldn't give for an interregnum debate .
u like abs
i think i do too much for too many people and at the end of the day still feel on appreciated
i really love tim hortons cappuccino ! :d
done ! will you please like my facebook page : tinyurl.com/marlenebrehmmusic
happy teacher appreciation week ! thank you to all the incredible teachers around the world who connect young lives to culture
pre game speech is over , hour and half until game time . boys look ready to battle the gophers !
how many times does nj gov . chris christie have to say he is not running for pres . before people believe him and leave him alone .
if you're into flex development , check out my profile for new flex related content
cool ! thanks ! well we don't have any connections out there but i'm sure there are some . i'll post a tweet :)
i remember the towers being built in early 70's , you could see them from everywhere , hope we never forget ! !
who the hell vacuums at 11:15 at night ! ? ! ? <<<<<<
wen i walk in the street alone i like to put freaky faces to creep people out lolololololololol
yep fuji
i hate being cranky . ..there's really nothing one can do about it . ..chocolate ?
rt : today pres . #obama announced the formation of a new atrocities prevention board . we look at what it will and won't do: . . .
rush chicken pineapple . it's a filipino dish .
but they do sound all fancy when u say them . impresses the ladies at the mansion too
i love 80% of sleigh bells songs , and the remaining 20% i loathe . curious .
brownricefamily performing ' s feb 6th . tribute to legendary bob marley black history month . keep haiti in your prayers .
looks like i'm going to the concert tonight ! what up dvowordswordswordswordsk .
if your up text me !
try to fight through ! you can get fruit or if that doesn't work get skinny cow ice cream or candy ! they're yummy !
love the new facility ! looking forward to being there onsite more !
someone should ask him if he knows about grenis when they go to a concert & make a poster that says we love your grenis xd
that should be a standard process . what were you told ?
14.32 , mats for 107 , they also have 3m vinyl for the top
ice cream all around . congrats !
glad to hear that . and i'll be back-and-forth between boston and ri . we'll talk for sure !
off all week . . . .what to do , what to do ! ?
too much doubt . let's pray without ceasing for troy davis ' soul . wordswordswords . . . .there , but for the grace of god , go i.wordswordswords
she says she wanna take her skirt off , be my guest ! i decided to take my shirt off , and show my chest ! and we been sipping on that merlot . . .
needs an off switch for my brain at bedtime
i cannot honestly say that there is a food i hate intensely with the notable exception of mayonnaise .
- no prob ! have you noticed you're our " go to " on 14th ? many great nights - some we don't remember :)
the postman just urinated in someones garden . . . .
fire flame
i don't agree that anything post-cfb should be included . but if nfl success is viewed as a plus , then so should thomas ' career
rainy days please go away
will definitely be a great day for all joining #intdesignerchat this evening ! be there . ..6 pm et
that elton john pepsi ad is the worst thing in the history of things .
idk why i'm so tired . ..it might just be the weather . wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
i just wake up ! don't you have school today ?
basketball 101 : passes need to be snapped around the perimeter . ..that will help get the ball in the post .
aight will do !
i already did ! lol !
i'll guess you'll find out tomorrow ! sounds like y'all had fun !
i want someday so bad . . .
listening to ellen goodman speak at the ywca we inspire luncheon .
don't worry , you're not the only one
can't wait!!! ! way back will sound the best it ever has though our speakers ! we are listening :)
ditto what jag said . cc :
indiana jones and the mountain of object provenance paperwork
she fuccin de crew!! ! !
looking for a great late lunch ? ! come to the b for a turkey scallopini , or a b veggie burger ! open until 5 today !
it is already hot outside . i think i will stay inside .
if you ever decide to even show up to another , come talk to us and we'll hook you with some gear or something man
this is what we had to wear for the skit . . . . yes . i am sponge bob and i am proud of it . ://t.co/kbmv4gix
wow , what a coincidence . ..that song came on the radio . . . #killme wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
back to work today . ..and my wrist still hurts , so this should be fun .
you are very welcome ! ;)
teaching cochrane library . one class down three to go !
thank you !
jack frost is back
beas hamga was a good name in that club .
which dept ?
i'll talk to u bout it tomorrow
lolol that's fantastic
i mean nothing 2 anyone
controvery shmontroversy . you've risked your life for years so that others might survive . much love and support .
i hate to ask . . but did i ever email you that collab ? haha .
i'm going to that! ! see you there :)
arctica looks great ! would you recommend it for an e-commerce page ? i'm totally loving it !
right . issue is when you goto conferences with limited plugs it's easier and proper etiquette to use extension to not block ports .
superb . brendan benson rocked . and he looks just like a younger lindsay buckingham .
go to our site & check out our new background . also , vote in our poll on the right hand side . lastly , click our ads so we can make money
wordswordswords : haven't seen u on tv in a while , are u doin courtside or something soon ? wordswordswords back on trailblazers.tv tues @ noon
toothbrush express offers great discounts on butler gum electric & battery and most oral care products .
has that era gone away ? it immediately evoked images of la hipsterdom . . .
i think the huskies are the only pick i have in the 16 !
the 20 questions were multiple choice ?
you're welcome that's great to hear ! have a great day !
warching your videos on youtube :) what about you ?
intense way to start morning , bug dealing with concurrency and core dad , ugh
follow chair of who is the epitome of giving selflessly to progress the common good !
wine time with ! !
if you think this is cold you've already been in la too long . . . i'm just sayin . . .
amazing day , so far my spring break has been good af
they just outro'ed dave grohl & butch vig with lmfao .
time for a free throw shooting contest to decide it .
was told that pedicure salons don't like my ped . pals i was told after using my ped pals it stoped the buildup of callouses maybe thats why
i am so dumb jfc
it was great . . . thanks for asking . i will let you know when we play
keep upt the good work man ! !
wordswordswords grief is a merciless master . just when you think you're free , you realize you never stood a chance . #revengewordswordswords
the #indians are #johnnydamon's 7th different club .
missing someone ?
crazy night . martin kids ? y'all know how to party
agreed . it's smaller than you imagine , though . . .
you like who you like . . right ?
- trust the obamas will kick in enough to cover the costs !
are you cheering for the celtics ? what ?
yeah bc you got so chunky
gonna miss hines ward
i'm always curious about how many people worked on something like , say , the new gmail design . 5 ? 20 ? 1 ? i have no idea .
korver's unconscious
good morning alex( :
so far five people are going including me . hope more of you can make it ! x
how do you make the drink ?
spotted : woman biking down hazard in a save ktru tee .
anyone else watching this top teacher segment on live with kelly ?
shut up matt
sir paul's previous performance n song was stella . his songs are like reading new verses from the song bible
i cant wait to hear ' s #christmasalbum <33
who doesnt love me ? :)
good cause i cant sleep lol ! what are you up too ?
#zuluwinter great music
it would be awesome if no one called me today because i'm trying not to talk myself hoarse today
back to bed . not a good sign when the morning already wore me out .
just got in touch with some friends from way back when . how nice!! ! :)
where are you tap dancing ? sounds fun !
ok so who got it
count of monte cristo one of my true favorites . which movie version ?
i'm a lover not a fighter
preparedness tip : good source of safe drinking water in power outage : your water heater's tank .
follow back
aw dats cool bt mine is pink and purple i also love green hehehehe so wat school yhu go to wat ya hobby
come on today fcb !
ny is not on the schedule at the moment . but maybe it will be soon !
forget the rabbit looks like it is going to be the year of the yodle ! congrats yodle on starting 2011 off with a bang !
come to my school!!! ! !
i would make you come to colorado and see you on snow !
raid away ! i can give you our password for the rdgs , if you want it .
i wish i could skype with you ! d : i'm too shy , lmao .
i'm not mad at you . . i'm mad at the dirt !
#i'll be casper in a new version of larry clark's ' kids ' directed by nadja marcin . casper in the original movie was played by justin pierce
yay ! running buddy ! we need matching outfits ! rt : somehow just got talked into running the wr half marathon again this year .
like the black eyed peas sang , " where is the love ? " for alshon jeffery from nfl decision makers ? a.j . green really ? aj green ?
that's what i would expect to display to look like on " classical piano hero " helluva game that'd be
hey shay i am a huge fan ur amazing and i hope you have a beautiful awesome spectacular birthday!!!!!! ! !
too funny . do you bake ? if so , pumpkin muffins are super easy . better than impulse ice cream . ;)
i wish the snow would just go away cause i cant f ind my football or skateboard -_______________________________-----
have a creative monday ! take half of your lunch time to sketch , keep your creativity sharp !
so happy and proud!!! ! :)
yay ! hope the drive wasn't too awful .
hell yea man . .hope ya grabbed some free music
my sport tweet of the day - espn really , really sucks! ! !
ah only 364 days till my favorite holiday again!! ! !
thanks so much for the interview this morning on i appreciate it ! can't wait to hear your new music
oh i didn't know they sold food in the bathroom
on the hunt for cholo writing in the lbc :)
i'm in <3 i love my mca and he's totally my favorite too . i want him to notice us too
dispatches from vr - downloading mass effect 3 demo .
i'm so i'm so i'm so proud of you . about time , the world needs to hear your voice !
is streaming the girls state semi final basketball game in the library . go eagles .
i never thought the term " recess " could evoke so much happiness past the 5th grade .
best dinner buds for best body issue party ? & as chill & smart as they are ripped !
don't knock it til yah try it
is a great example of someone who followed her dreams - knew she wanted to be on the news since she was a kid !
hey what's up
too tired to go out anywhere . ..its something i really want . .smh can't have it lol
why does everyone want to be like the world ? you just cant get away from it .
it's so nice not to have a mouse that double clicks every time you click once !
i'm a human , yes i have flaws no i'm not perfect .
exhale dakota filling in ? wordswordswords : sorry to report that breathe carolina not doing a full set tonight due to illness #pbodyroofwordswordswords
chesapeake ceo mcclendon got wachovia financing three weeks after chesapeake
fd hosts ciml iowa meet - fort dodge messenger
appreciated him since that lvam show some time back . it's a shame that place is gone . .
just cleared sinuses , swallowed . ..tasted hints of semen and dying soul
im the happiest person on the face of the earth
almost done with my project report for #opensource #gis class . oh #archaeology !
have a great weekend ! enjoy the first official weekend of fall ! bring on the pumpkin lattes , the leaves changing colors and the fresh air !
sounds cute ! rt : #wearing blk cords , blk t , blk swing sweater jacket , peeptoes , chunky colored gem queen bee necklace
glad to say me and now have a nice family on the sims . he likes to murder people though . . .
up late/early drooling over handmade #cyclocross bikes .
if you're a student or researcher and used bcrw's videos , podcasts or publications in your work this year - please let us know !
need 32 more followers.! ! !
dreamin wit the lights on . . . .#puregenious! ! !
most important person to rep social media for an org is the one who's passionate & knowledgable , not necessarily the tech guru
stir fry ! should i try this whole veggie thing ?
going to bed!:)goodnight twitter world!!!:)
bout to change my @ my name
glad to hear it !
so true ! how do we get our colleagues to be motivated & committed to advocating ? would love for them to hit on that
1211am sept 11 2010 . so glad its the wweekend , can finally sleep
i smile every time i c a call or a text come thru . don't know if i should be feeling this way this soon . i can only see what happens*scared*
rt : dat man is a monster
#ff day1 : have a blast . take awesome shots
folks are lined up out front . doors are about to open
gettin ' down to business at starry nights !
mt : a banner at today's old firm match apparently said ' your grandchildren will be celtic fans '
anyone up to see at chop suey 10pm tonight ? she's awesome . but i need rally assistance .
when is your next free admission day ?
i'm following you now
everyone go follow now !
uh google it
leadership is about figuring out how to say yes even when saying no is quicker and easier .
awesome ! cbg nik attends depaul . .hes a network security major . .anything we can help w hit him up nkosio
you're buying it or is it a different eldin ?
don't go northbound 75 . stuck !
i come home and my sweet husband is sleeping to a documentary about public broadcasting
saw a fox walking on the bike path in rock creek park this am . looked like s/he was doing the walk of shame .
having a blast at my small group ! #lifegroups wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
very handsome cover man ! keep up the good work
i want a huge cutout of all the 1d boys . :d x
logging off for good . . . ..</3
chicago-fire dept heading to diversey & the lakefront for a boat in distress .
heaven's gate ? please . . .
insurance spam from the aia . just when you think an institution cant really sink any lower . .
so i still wasn't over the incident this morning but was going to give her a break . . . . until i picked holden up and she was still grimy .
u know it bro lol
phone companies , forget the apps , you really want to be ahead of the pack ? simple : the unsend sms button ! that is all .
but keep the ipads local . they don't go home . the % of hackers is going to explode in the next couple of decades .
social media conversations are making us sad to miss out on #aam2012 lots of great ideas seem to be flowing out of minnepolis .
what happened to ? ! i still had a month left in my subscription and hadn't gotten thru all the vids . help please ?
3 sections of reading classes so into a read-aloud divergent , you could hear a pin drop . fhs is ready for you !
this man charles barkley really said " you want easy shots compared to tough shots " on national television . really chuck ? thanks .
www.gossip-culture.com :)
wow!! ! what a game .
oh no ! rob figured it out !
just left you a voicemail . hit me when you get a chance . ill be out there fri-sunday this week w . for work
god i love wrestling , the one true place where broadway meets sports , meets rock concert .
richardson is awesome!! ! the #browns management not so much . they had him and were compelled to give up 3 picks to move 1 spot .
interesting fact : humans shed over 30 million eyelashes over our lifetime .
yo haha follow me that where i tweet now
headed to the first crew meeting of the 2011 sailing season . can't wait to start racing again !
sick man
anyone out there ? a new way to look for alien life
able to relieve back pain with trauma release techniques
i love dorritos .
do it !
for a free beer party at crisp : what is the oldest brewery in america ? first to answer correctly wins !
new opportunity starting up in la . . . can't wait
this past saturday was a perfect example of how hard its going to be for me to work in public . .___ .
#maryjane session with my babe . ..ready for #nas behind the music to come on
relationship start can we talk . they end we need to talk
too bad , right man for the job . rt : cms admin don berwick has stepped down , resigns officially 12/2 . bit.ly/teqyfw
facebook is l.a . myspace is detroit . google+ is austin . twitter is denver . pinterest is salt lake city . 4square is langley .
have a feeling that will not be the last time we see that from the smoakmonster !
thanks for coming to the show and giving us a shout-out . hope you had a great time .
" ohh you only have one tattoo ? yeaa you're totally tatted up " <- things my cousin say :)
category 14 winner is day of honor , comcast
never really noticed how many unread massages are in my inbox
new followers @ for a follow back
hey new music from
wishing our girl great time on set this weekend with ,her " party " on the 31st w/thevampirediaries
hows your night , cam ? ! good i hope
false cathedrals owns radiohead . . .
that feeling you get when , his name shows up on your phone .
that's one crazy #americanidol bottom three . joshua , elise , & jessica deserve the top 3 in my opinion .
wordswordswords wordswordswords without god on my side , i wouldn't have made it through this year .wordswordswordswordswordswords
looks like you 2 are just ahead of us in vietnam . have you gone to halong bay ? wondering what situation's like .
can't sleep heard the lakers won
2010 grand total : 3,843 beer tap t shirts on people i do not know . sure will be neat to see one someday on a strange person !
you totally have to tell sam llanas's bass player or guitarist that ethan says hi
youth night was pretty sweet . oh how i've missed it !
i love that pic !
it's very motivating to get your sac publicly smoked by a 5'5 " female local high school pottery teacher (special forces crossfit reaction)
i left and didn't buy it.thislady asked how my service was and if i found what i wanted i said no and it sucked .
aaww :3 i love that dogs my friend have one
congrats to our third winner ! ! can't wait to see you sun to meet
how does one argue for fair use while using materials copyrighted in a diff country ? - wondering at the back of pat aufderheide's talk
goodnight , , and , and to all my followers! ! have a blessed and peaceful night , god bless ! (=
the question was about " sacrifice " currently average people have been hit hard by recession
and friday im not too busy in the daytime .
oh snap . . . #thevoice is getting cheeky !
thank you for you tweet ! :) it was really sweet , i'm glad you enjoyed reading my tweets . happy friday !
got your message ! just got home . 4am your time . i'll call you tomorrow ! xoxo
tell me when and where we recording and i'm down
i have never seen it ? i have not seem a lot of movies-especially current movies . have not been in a movie theather since 2005
i'm cool with that haha
wordswordswords : love how much love you guys have for us were blessedwordswordswords i adore you guys and will always support you guys <3
saying thanks to great people like you sometimes does not do justice for the gratitude we have for ya !
i went on an interview today and i was asked if i would enjoy working from 7 am - 7 pm mon - fri ? #getfoundquick got lost fast :) nothx ! !
time to study
third suggestion , check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week .
i've been feeling the same the past few days . . . . not suuupppppeeeerrr sick but still sick
omc!!i need videos of this cant find the web to see livestream of it . .help!! ! :(
can't wait for band season :-)
i like roland martin , but lawd ! is there anything he can wear that doesn't make him look so unfortunate ? li'l darth with that hoodie on .
i don't have any feelings , my heart's paralyzed *
#mexicantrashcans with and :)
this is cool , i never saw anything like this .
ames where is jackie ?
high school freshmen enrollment tonight!! ! scared & excited at the same time ! !
middle finger anybody dats know down wit
need to look at an economic model that allows these different ways of delivering service .
i missed the piece on miller! ! you don't know where i can watch it , do ya ?
i am living a romantic comedy .
you should follow us back( :
so . . . who's training for what ?
pau show that you can do that more . . .
pacers in another fight , what a dirty franchise
hi please follow me and im your top fan i have posters covers watch every episode all your videos color pink and purple
looking forward to seeing you ! you may beat me there !
*if ! ugh lol but thank you she really is :p
chancellor of kaya henderson comes to the podium to testify
tickets are about as expensive as a damn dvd nowadays ! i don't blame you . breaking the bank
i can't help but feel the way i feel for you
miami better get it together over this halftime break ! !
all day art kinda ' day . teenagers fixing meal now so i can get some work done (wonder who'll clean up kitchen after ? ) . omg
attended the release of the idaho pork report by idaho freedom foundation .
first person to mention platinum posts in a tweet will get 30% off first order
happiness keeps u sweet . sorrow keeos u human . life keeps u humble . success keeps u glowing . but only god keeps u going:)
oosthuizen and petterson are obviously having a contest to see who can wear the most ridiculous pair of sunglasses . good lord .
in a bar and woman just asked bartender if there was a pay phone around . i just landed in 1974 .
my eardrums have been john bonham-ed . . .
obama makes jokes about eating dog , about romney's wealth , about romney's dog , about a secret 2nd-term agenda (win war on christmas) .
amandaf . gives sharp example of omeka dev -- find the code in your browser , dig it out of php or css on the server , change .
a man and his quest for huitlacoche .
rt : work for a cause , not for applause .
no squares shall enter in the circle of winner
shoo shoo ! is that a male or female ! ? girl , i much rather look at you ! !
you are such a powerhouse singer ! little " reba " :) loved tonight keep up the great vocals ! my votes are in :) god bless .
haha ! good choice , i love me some !
second game isn't complete , so i don't want to shortchange but he's heading for a 405-rbi season .
wcg's #cache (for tickets/backstage passes/great nike gear) coordinates annonced today ! at noon . stay tuned ! !
are you working on getting anthony davis and michael kidd-gilchrist to sign too ?
i've always wanted a waffle iron .
i'm hoping that one of theses guys will make an immediate impact , watching the henao video of him stuffing the mid might be a way
rt if u think its obvious that is gonna win a vma ! !
did you get in and out ?
nice win bisping . ..sloppy but i've realized you get too much flak just and at core a father of 3 giving all a champ . gl .
big time .
what does that have to do with anyhting ! ? haha random
netflix bro
one vote for the #nba dirtiest playerwordswordswordsyou will be surprise with the answer
it's gonna rain , & i just washed all the 4wheelers .
just trying to make it real . but compared to what ? .
fortune cookie says , " your fondest dream will come true within this year . " yes !
do you follow ? their all over it . . .
tickets sales are going fast!! ! get your tickets for tomorrow nights concert welcome to america before its sold out ! !
we host secret house shows with live bands , record the set , and then release the tracks for pay-what-you-want downloads .
thanks , lorie ! sorry we didn't have a chance to talk . it was nice to see you in the audience at the #usf symposium .
loving my new apartment and i'm even closer to p-cola beach u know where i'll be all summer :)
quote from behind closed doors : " our industries do something that no one else can do . we create content that people want . "
#thewalkingdead - the soap opera drama is getting a bit tedious . . . but if it's balanced w more zombie fighting scenes i will be content
. just found some of her really old cds and is reminiscing of her days as a rapper .
day one back went as one would expect .
lol well aye well when you feel like fighting well you can come on
haha so wht did u do yesterday
i never realized how cheesy teachers posters can be . .
snowing into my eyes .
we just want to take a moment to wish all our buddies luck this weekend at new england metal & hardcore fest ! tear it up !
you like me too much:p
good night , twitter .
the seahawks top receiver is ranked 108 in receptions . that means , on avg , each of the other 31 #nfl teams have 3.5 players w/ more catches .
i can feel myself growing up
stillness is the move . ..like the fog
it was tiring until the last hour of work , but it is ending quite nicely now i'm home . glad to hear yours was good ! :)
librarians ' field of practice is much more than information . need to reclaim that through activism and vision .
you always give the best gifts !
edited an episode go nerd vs geek today , and will hopefully be shooting another episode next wednesday .
finished finals now going to work .
i have found the paradox that if i love until it hurts , then there is no hurt , but only more love .
we need a #revolution - a #techrevolution . who's with me ? ? i'm calling you out ! let's look to change our future on our own !
thanks for sticking around for 10yrs :')
i'll try ! shes gonna go c gorge lopez at nay nays school remember
roaring fire in the fire place (as opposed to throughout the house , which would be bad.)
has no swag he has
i'm goin back to sleep
7812 st charles
going out tonight ?
some movies will never grow stale . the #blindsidemovie is one that will stand the test of time .
rt : does this mean jim #irsay gets to collect the leftover #saints bounty money from the super bowl ?
what is something you cant live without ?
dinner at nightwood .
i think clt is the new atl . . . . .
#celebrate the #stayhomereadball with ! what will you #read ?
fyi amanda knox was an exchange student from the us in a foreign counrty were something tragic went wrong . bit.ly/mhagof
no i haven't . i like " everyday " though .
still waiting for the day when peter o'toole live-tweets during a broadcast of lawrence of arabia
the best part about an afternoon #brewers-#cubs game on the radio is that it doesn't create a conflict with #caps-#bruins this evening !
" i think my mind blown , i barely feel my feet . ..i'ma hold my head high even in defeat . . . "
heart you sweetie . :)
i don't know . does any site have better content than gamasutra ? plenty of biz there .
gives me hope<3
i just love you so much ( :
i miss you ! hope you're having a splendid
first dates are fun but would love to have one with a #sfgiants fan . deal breaker ? i'm okay with being choosy for now .
airchina singapore wordswordswords up to 25% off singapore wordswordswords beijing pek business class wordswordswords round trip
do you need more followers , likes , etc ? try the site on my profile . it's free promotion . hey lets follow 4 follow
tired of the ass holes who just so freely take the lives of others as if their god ?
never tripping off of what aint mine
info lit assessment : ask the right questions to get at learning not librarian performance .
gym is done ! now rehearsing and then my meisner class tonight !
but where is ? rt at the national championship game!!! ! let's go !
how do you like me now ? #whitesox are on a roll . beating teams on the road . dunn and peavy doing what they do .
how bout you make your life a journey that answers my phone calls
my modus operandi = have so much to do it's overwhelming ? just do none of it ! dassnahguud . :/
sneak peeking through the bloodbath : " tweet from your seat " moves the mark for super 8 dach.is/qb75kq ( )
thanks for the shout out ! it's true ! we do ! : d
what are your thoughts on the future of the film industry ? good or bad ?
we would love it if you retweeted poised creation !
why is my pet scratching ? not all pet scratching is due to allergies .
hey babe . i wanna make up for all the calls you made . skype ?
santorum is not getting out of this race anytime soon .
thank you !
rt : ladies keep it tight , fellas eat her right ;)
well i guess nick j can jump higher than horne but horne was a bigger body and good defender nick will get there #arizonawildcats justsaying
i hate when you're watching a music video and you can see that they're miming . ruins the video . jason mraz you pillock .
startups are better off using
look it up !
exciting interactive ads for ipad magazines in development , stay tuned 4 insight on what digital magazines they can be found in !
thanks , jane . i'll check them out , too .
james can you pretty please follow me ? ( : i love each of you 4 amazing gentleman with all my heart<3 without btr , i'm nothing <3
looking for san diego county fair blue-ribbon winners . do you make award-winning jam ? great homemade wine ? do you enter/win every year ?
alright i'll give you one . .you're tweets are hilarious too
the problem with having co-workers with the same shoe size as you , a cute pair comes in and the claws come out , haha !
i may have my first semi-professional job as a paid intern for a publishing company !
i've had a poopy day
love reggie ! hate holly .
#rt if you are single and loving it !!! ! !
briere and many others forget that talking w/media is part & parcel of who they are . they sure like to talk when they do well
checking out the used books scene in antigua
thoughts are powerful . what we focus on we attract . what we constantly think about we become . think yourself successful
and may i say that eddie izzard is one funny sob . ..where have u been eddie ?
i was pretending to sleep cause you do the creepy popcorn trick to me at the movies . . .
aww is at&t park playing beastie boys ?
lookin super adorable in my new outfit ! :)
how bout them reds
goal for the week : grow a mustache . okay , maybe goal for the month .
here are a few of the results that really stood out to me .
" nos vemos " means " we'll see each other " and is used casually like the english phrase , " see you around . "
one test standing in the way of me packing up my bags and heading to dallas . fw and houston tomorrow then cruise time !
baseball score : concordia (ca) 4 , taylor 2 final . concordia moves on to semis vs doane at 3 pm sat . taylor eliminated .
being a floridian i'm definitely on the"tampa bay lightning " bandwagon as the eastern conference finals start saturday,good luck bostonians !
wordswordswordsi have two acting styles : with and without a horse.wordswordswords - robert mitchum
panic at the disco >>
sorry , that last tweet was really mean . . . not
again ? smh when will u learn mister wellz
i literally caught the last metro . waiting in chinatown for slackers
i . . . i was expecting a burlesque show because it was billed as such .
i miss you need to come see me
ever buy eggo frozen waffles ? lol guess you know rory & fred both imploded at augusta . that course will do that
#nowplaying hear me now
how about peer-to-peer recognition ? staff can share on chalkboard in galleries : " things our staff members say about one another "
thank you , darling . :)
yea ! aw , youre my brazilian beautiful friend <3
just realized a few hours ago that i'm taking my act tommorrow . ..completely unprepared but it's all good ;d
rt : 15 million us kids have a psychiatric or learning disorder . we #speakupforkids to ensure they get help .
a rent party ! friday , may 4 , 6-8pm their first rent party to support local artists !
at 30 ? ! jesus .
me without you is like shoes without laces , nerds with no braces , asentancewithoutspaces , just incomplete ! 4/4/11 <3
making it a star wars night . episode vi .
anyone brave enough to venture outside during this phase 3 blizzard ? what places are serving food and drink ?
well , don't see a big diff between that & " o , gonna sit by your sweet rack today " in a meeting which is what she quoted
just read the first book in the hunger games series . what a great way to spend a rainy bus trip from dc to nyc .
starving mothers and children in somalia and kenya is an african problem that needs immediate attention from concerned africans . act now !
: hey dude , can u block someone ?
gingrich is only stopping debate at this point , not making it better , by referring to obama all the time
oh man , removed ? ha ! oh well . it was for sxsw , so it doesn't matter now . thanks for the offer to help !
every time i come to the park , i smell weed .
yeah ! you know what looks awesome though is the ihome ip4 .
wagon wheel playing at trivia night . . #makesmemissknoxy wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
set an alarm clock . . haha
on set playing an american mobster car-jacking a group of norwegians . classic !
cool . i like the idea that you'll be doing a drawing there to sell .
thank you for an awesome party . the space looks hot !
good to hear ! any post-election plans yet ?
right on . charlie sheen
#sandiego has been so grey lately .
glad to finally be here . it was a long road for me . ready to start my cf
third quarter up by ten
and are trending right now wordswordswords
disappointed on that end but i love this show
your looking like a tool , not a baller .
hahah . sadly , it's anecdotal . i often go in the morning and 90% of the time someone in front of me is buying it .
please reply to my dm ! <3 ( :
i like swanberg's ifc series young american bodies & his nights & weekends
follow and submit your short film or promo to and he'll post it on his tumblr page . everyone's a winner .
tommy thompson is not a mod rep , he is a rino . look at his record .
send the fatnomosho a :30 clip using your phone of how you work out ! it'll air on the next episode!! ! email
it's funny how some guys talk the talk but can't walk the walk
shut your face!! ! anthony- dm me! ! !
seriously ! wouldn't it be worse if you were a drag queen for a day ?
what phone call ? o ;
i figure i can spend a beer or two marveling at the insanity going on around me .
too bad tibs did a horrible job of coaching tonight . he let his team down with multiple bad decisions .
me too i could't go to sleep last night till like midnight
great career transition workshop group this morning -- 8 job changers with impressive professional and personal backgrounds .
time for some r&r . remove & replace hard drive & reinstall winxp on a laptop !
rt : never wait for someone else to make you happy , change your situation , give you anything . --> you can count on me ! :-)
black dog animal rescue :)
coffee time ! !
being busy <<<being productive
awesome ! i can't wait to play civ5 !
thanks for the retweet my man !
isn't tat christian music ? lol
prairie fruit farm , krotovina ?
so , i gave in to twitter . & now i dont know how to use it :)
economists writing from first world perspective-works well here , not always in developing world
dang . sunday ?
i am addicted to pot belly's chocolate brownie cookies ! they are absolutely insanely yummy !
getting excited for the moth at #aam2012 general session !
playing doobie brothers this morning , thinking about doing a playlist for my class w elo , chicago and doobies
driving from nm yesterday i listened to " a brave new world " through my car stereo via text-to-speech on the kindle . it seemed appropriate .
13 mins hardly worth getting upset about . nothing changed by it . remember joepa reports ?
#icc2012 workshop attendees ! able to drive an international visitor to the ua area after the morning session ? please come to the reg desk !
about to record a couple of merengue tracks . hm maybe it is coming back! ! !
your mom( :
hey , its omer . huge black friday party at the hottest friday night party in town @ mystudio . saturday @ premiere - want to go ? reply yes
#heat be having my pressure up
; it's official , ashton && i are the weirdest people you will ever meet ( :
he's grown up and rt this if you've know him since march 2011 ' , i did <3
can i combat zyrtec-d with starbucks ?
your ambiguous ethnic blend perfectly represents the dream of the american melting pot
so let's hear it ! start dropping names . or maybe just initials , so we can guess . :)
quality businesses offer wordswordswordslagniappewordswordswords (extra value) to customers ! by joan endicott
let me check . is leading the charge .
is there somewhere to order an official msu swim cap for my sister for xmas ? i'd appreciate any insight as to where ! thanks !
y love you
- you bet , thanks for posting it ! always great stuff going on over there :d
ohh how i hate sundays .
drinking martinis at kit kat lounge
i love that the men in my life are overprotective . . . that's genuine love .
corfu,ny - what would the dowager think of you with your liquor store , gun store & tattoo shop dotting the main thoroughfare ?
look for major updates on http://www.dagnomusic.com over the next couple of days !
thanks for your interest in glad to hear that you liked what you saw from us at the recent
anytime she finishes is good for her
thanks for the retweet !
perhaps but i hate my shelving . . . too tall i find kids cuddling in corners ! eww !
you're so sweet :) thank you! ! wordswordswords
and with that . ..the #bucks season and playoff chances are done . the #knicks scored the final six . ..to " deep six " milwaukee
music bridges the gap between human beings . . . . .
damn i remember that
sartorial success at the scored a beautiful green dress and a bubbly cup of cook's
#fantasyfootball www.hottubsleeperpicks.com killer halloween episode online now !
on the air on east coast in 15 mins w/ intvw w & his news-making stance on #ssm . more on tmrw
thank you for rt !
goodnight lovelies! ! xox
i really need to stop reading til midnight
what would i do without
22% of americans say that would never vote for a mormon . most of them are repubs . i wonder how many of ' em will actually stay home ?
excellent , we will be in touch via direct message shortly !
& our 500th follower is-a dating hotline ? ehhh-no prize for you we're glad to see following - hi , susan :)
we're excited for you to attend too ! come say hi . ;)
our mission is to be the repair shop of choice for customers , insurance companies ,
anyone ever been to busch gardens in va ? . ..great amusement park & beer garden is a nice oasis & great spot to take a break
ya im on a softball team with some of my friends and we have a doubleheader tonite . my friend nick is trying to get a job there !
if i were ' s fotm i'd die . lol no joke
and everytime i try , it opens up my eyes
it's different , but i like it ( :
awesome job jimmy . . . .hilarious on agt
lol you are so sweet !
we need more heroes in the world today to come together for greater purposes
anyone else tried jumping between logic , live and digital performer ? now i have an excuse for being spaced out !
rt : itwordswordss hard to be 100% better than your competition , but you can be 1% better in 100 wayswordswords wordswordsrich melman
is proudly wearing purple today , and you should be too :)
catch three of our fpac festival co-directors talking about fpac 20 on kababayan la (channel 18) today at 4:30pm !
thank you so much ! !
i like the part where you buy one thing from urban outfitters and get three emails a day for the rest of your life .
" at some point , you have to realize that some people can stay in your heart but not in your life.">>>> love this , so true
please follow me i love u so much
echofon , but i'm not happy with its new updates
so uh , can i get a refund on my season tickets yet ?
i had to restrain myself from live tweeting s2 : ep . 7 of downton abbey . what kind of strange horror have i become ?
i know . he definitely carried himself like a professional . did you enjoy the show ?
other than cribs and brooks - not many other players got stickers .
one does not have a twitcam while i am at school . i don't want to miss it ! :(
i also recommend hikari mart (s . clinton & gregory) to anyone who wants to get a house key cut but doesn't want to leave the city .
no i didn't go to joes but i'm going to rolands this afternoon @ 2 . are you back in town ?
i just sent you a fb message , but i see you already figured it out . :d
out to eat with the bae
bought a copy of are you there god ? to send to my 10 yr old niece .
rt : he's a great fighter! ! <~ i agree !
true story .
mmmhmmm- your probs the one always setting the alarm off :p hehehe
i don't like you
my parents are the only two people who truly know and understand me . :)
yes i am !!! ! ive been eating wendys for 2 streight days d :
chocolate chip cookies <3
maybe ? i've never made a smores pie , not sure what goes into it . i think any mon-runny filling can be done !
i read #boy21 without reading anything about it -- not even the back cover . i almost never do that . . .
how do you keep from getting sick with all of this weather change ?
some ppl just dont know how to b in a relationship smh .
wordswordswords : dane cook is hilarious.wordswordswords if your 10 .
happy birthday to my mom in law kathryn ! it's your birthday , it's your birthday!!!! ! !
i know i just followed a bunch of folks bare with me i'm trying to #market a brand that i feel is worth your time :)
understood that i did that off my phone but at least i had to pull mine out of my pocket because i had been talking to someone . . .
cutting it up boss !
idk sf could take this one
nothin coolin what you been doin i aint seen you in so long
the more you love , the more you live :)
cute concept ! good luck doll !
marcy : " no matter how gruesome or horrible the murder , you can always find somebody out there to buy the house . "
that's a good look . . . . .
die . #die off with his head
you were insane to do that , but thank you . it will probably help save a life at some point .
fyi ice cube wasn't from the streets his parents were professors at ucla . he just got together with nwa
thanks for letting me know about the #instagram fix . hope you're having a wonderful saturday .
bo my bob! ! hahahahah
no cavities ! now i can go to australia
when did you eat last and what did you have ?
" : i should go swimming " (go swimming then) #sixflagsoverhere :-p
i love snow drifts from #cariboucoffee :)
#thingsthatineed being loved for who i am n not for what i am :-d
where are you ? i'm around !
enough drama for the day .
packing my lunch and snacks right now .
leaving for thanksgiving weekend ? need someone to take care of your cat while you're away ? give me a call !
manny d's dbs could stop that duck offense
" : and i'm keeping you in my prayers . stay strong brother."< thank u so much :-) . i need all the prayers i can get
thanks for the rt amanda . hope all is well with you & the family . planning a trip to london in autumn & hope to see you .
think i want to live da miltary life
thank you for #ff ! . . . looking forward to catching up at ?
idgaf . you . veronica . i don't care .
rt : finally back home with new baby girl . so much going on , billion miles per hour . . and i even haven't had a glass of wine
connecticut governor considering online gaming
that face is adorable! ! rt i love this default .
i'm bursting with mexican food . but i'm curious to see how he does . my hopes aren't too high .
many thx for responsibly acknowledging bias/conf . of int . will miss u & hear u after elections .
:d :d :d things are almost ready hooray
goodmorning everyone ;) hope everyone's having a great day so far :) <3
i thought mcgee was gunna get called for goal tending lmfao
traffic alert : crash eb beltline between rimrock and john nolen . use caution in that area .
no one says it better than sam clemens !
dennis miller looks high as a kite on bill o'reilly . right wing nut .
congrats , can't wait to see you on campus ! rt : accepted to ! this is the best day ever :)
been lazy today
missing terribly on this beautiful friday .
yo i just listened to all da t2 back to back . all i can say is yikes!!!!! ! !
actually , the internet is just bad news in general today . internet , i have had it with you !
congrats on the awards guys ! you deserve it and more ! !
ahahahahha ! hey ! at least your back on twitter ? did you see the pic sent you ?
quattro margarita type afternoon ?
omg yes! ! !
. in the building with #americancraft at it's finest !
bummer . . . . let me know what you think , did you know the lighter the roast the stronger the coffee
yes ! &i get to keep the dark brown one ! :)
wordswordswords : worlds will be on espnu at 10 am est time tomorrow.wordswordswords
the game time athletics brand is built on blue collar athletes of the world!! ! lets get it!! ! !
hallejuah ! rt : it's a new year but we still have some great old promotions . happy hour starts everyday & 4 on fri
change is going to happen , regardless of whether or not you want it to .
kiss me , kiss me infect me with your love and fill me with your poison take me , ta-ta-take me wanna be a victim ready for abduction
waiting for the bus on 27 & north an old man says to me " white man in the hood , damn that's good . " not sure how to respond i smile and nod .
#stm2012 example of big data in scientific discovery : large hadron collider ; have a very structured data plan
the vow was amazing!!! ! !
you're welcome ! you're site is great !
oh god it's terrible .
had a great time this weekend ! thanks to all !
" leap , and the net will appear."- john burroughs
say hello to the weekend in the best way possible , with brunch from the bright spot .
if a zombie were chasing me , i would just bite him first and make him un-undead . why has nobody thought of this before ?
currently hiding on reno , courtesy of my employer . at least i got to see some cool cars today .
wordswordswordswomenwordswordswordss music as a site for the generation of critical theory by black womenwordswordswords
i livefor god not distractions there's a huge difference lol follow me ;)
thanks for the retweet ! great to meet you this week !
it's the little voice inside that makes you write .
how have you been ?
none of the customers in this avis are speaking english . its kind of weird .
feel like i need to abandon #teamblackberry where's the bb love #teamandroid sounds appealing
live without pretending , love without depending , listen without defending , speak without offending .
-- get well , marquette brother .
condensing what was previously two bedrooms into one is a bit challenging . i'm having to get organizationally crafty .
ha i got an iphone
follow back please ?
that's gross . gay marriage doesn't support that .
we have the perfect thing to cool you off from these hot days gino's italian ices 2 scoop $2.50 or a whole pint for $5.75 !
#ithankgod that i'm blessed enough to be healthy and alive !
who is milwaukee's long term solution at 1b ? ishikawa ? hart ? what's john jaha up to these days ?
hello back at ya ! rt hello :)
come visit mariners on the hudson when your home :)
man i know that towel happy
we always talk about mileage based systems for gas taxes . what about a percentage of gas purchased instead of a flat tax regardless of price
hey you know when i asked your opinion on whether you could wait or not ? ! ya me either .
where do you play at ?
wordswordswords : #redsox , long gone . #yankees , done . #phillies toast . wild card frenzy . oh , baseball . . . what a year . #mlb#2011wordswordswords
mentor spotlight : cyril ebersweiler and the china market
doing the ' scanning and itemizing my business trip expenses ' dance .
san diego crm welcomes san francisco-based it convergence as newest customer . global company that provides consulting for oracle customers !
nopeiwouls see it if it were here in la! ! !
" something i try to teach all my boys , always put one in the brain . " clock : 3:32
i have so much respect for all at #occupysf right now . thank you for convening in a nonviolent way to speak up for those who can't . be safe .
we need tebow for the forth quarter .
finally off work tomorrow . woo hoo !
thank you for following me !
sleep is going to be nearly impossible tonight . go mavs! ! !
no im not
why do these girls always shop at expensive boutiques for baby stuff ? why not bargain shop or wal-mart ?
did you forget the phone works both ways ? ( ;
vegas uncork'd day 3 : attendance record , sold-out grand tasting , clambake : by robin leach (contact) charlie palmer at the clambake at . . .
lol it is a #notweetzone about the lakers tonight lol now the game over time to hit this bed lol
so sad about the football player " jr " who died by his own hands . . . makes you wonder about all those hits to the head football players take
pbs broadcaster ray suarez challenges us at today's civil rights forum at the jfk library : we all must stretch in today's america .
work is the curse of the drinking classes .
need wig tomorrow & the beard thurs . its for a commercial thats being shot . need to know asap . email : sfgiantsfans2012
just saw ur tumblr , love it !
rock marathon and painting class homework !
aww . . . just seeing this . thanks , chris ! :) rt : your girls are adorable! ! !
going to lunch with a random czech man to help him practice his english .
that feed has been a rich find . let me run em down : violent femmes ! bodeans ! speech from arrested development ! braid/p-ring , etc !
wordswordswords : #tomyfuturehusband bringing home flowers and ice cream will never get you in trouble.wordswordswords
that was me until i reset my aim password .
thank you! ! rt reagan schools obama in " i want your money" : youtu.be/kbxqhs6kwyc via
it may b my internet malfunctioning,but i think there may b somethin wrong w/ur facebook page.thot u should kno.just lookin out
whoop ! #dallascowboys score !
schindler's list . her choice , not mine . first date = last date .
you are welcome . that song always lifts me up . are u willing to work in any part of the nation , 4-year or 2-year institutions ?
all i need is 3 more i have 97
marry me ?
that moment of shame when the automatic doors doesn't open for you .
want to make february even sweeter ? try a new mccafwordswords caramel hot chocolate today !
one step closer to adopting my son today . send us your good vibes please !
maxwell technologies ' swiss subsidiary launches new line of medium voltage . . . - sacramento bee
if it pleases the court
lol oh ok . that's good . why you wanna leave ? u hate the weather or something
can we trade 4 reed johnson just so he can never do anything bad against us again ? kills us offensively & defensively . & by tearing yo's acl
updating story about 5th graders riding on party bus with dance poles after field trip . live in newsroom with new info at 4:50
you have no idea how much i love you ! <3
childhood is the most beautiful of all the seasons wordswordswords wordswordswords wordswordswords
when you take stuff from one writer it's plagiarism but when you take it from many writers , it's research .
appearance @ the hilton 7pm in the penthouse . .countyline rd . .jackson,ms
" we are encouraged to look only so we can then close our eyes . "
wordswordswords : in kansas , about to meet my former teammate/roommate its been a while #doubleshotespressowordswordswords-> welcome baki !
#weknowthedj happy birthday ! :) .x
80 degrees damn thus feel good
not quite sure ; will check with ppl i know who work on intellectual property/tech/writing & let you know anything interesting
hi peoples
#superbowl weekend . . . a low carbers nightmare . don't worry there are good low carb foods that are football related . chili is mans best bet !
this weekend! ! !
new electro and bmore coming soon under mr . sir vs . talk is cheap alias . . .
happy birthday !
abraham lincoln " my father taught me to work ; he did not teach me to love it . "
just trying to make a dollar out of fifteen cents !
a big fu to that teacher that gives a test on a monday .
omg , i saw the boyfriend video ! <3
- much better than a late statement .
as much as i would like to believe they can compete again . ..i just don't think you can bounce back from that . . .
we appreciate it ! if you want to volunteer , too , contact us at . if u live in us u can help !
dude with kelly clarkson's mike went out .
your picture makes you look like a whore :p
watching someone you love , love someone else , is just pure agony .
thanks for sharing the bike sign up form w/ ! we can't wait to see all of you guys next weekend !
great coverage today mate - im ironing the shirt about to hit meydan , watching your valley wrap up . big night tonight
the bayou needs to be on true blood !
sure , if i'm out there on the weekends . otherwise , we can swim at the aquatic park in the city .
well done on your speech ; it was thought-provoking and challenging
its raining its pouring the old man is snoring he went bed and bumped his head and couldn't get up in the morning
crss would like 2 thank u all 4 ur continued support , & love @ our events . w/out u all , we wouldn't b here . so we r forever greatful!! ! xoxo
pretty awesome , yours ?
i cant wait to meet u at vidcon!! ! :d i was there last year but i didn't see you ! d :
everybody wants to be famous , i just wanna be remembered .
another day at school . . . :( nervous/excited :| idk what to expect !
gordon gerson is out with the new commentary " fast and freddie (and don't forget about fannie "
aw thank you ! that's so sweet ! <3
john p . wilken : interoperability has been the fig-leaf to avoid deeper collaboration between institutions . from digccurr keynote .
santo need an all women secret service team . why ? coz that's the riskiest demographics for him & gaddhafi had the same protection
is it a door closing or a much better one opening ?
thanks ! we'll see you then .
satan is now following me on twitter ! i said , ah hell no ! and i blocked him ! he's already had to much to do with my life . . . . .
first day volunteering at nara--looking forward to taking on some projects !
if you judge people , you have no time to love them .
i'm about to give up on this assignment man
they need to let me get hold of these sick bastards that hurt kids . i swear to god i'd make them stop breathing so fast .
i want more freedom , but that's too vague . the question is what will i do with my free time ?
you always know the gossip ! any idea what the defunct pizza hut by my house is going to be ?
wow . never a dull moment with axford on the mound . brewers win . brewers win .
:d to think we started out as bestfriends( ; <3
new ! ! woo hoo !
thanks for the favorites ! !
that's a great view bro
the pictures in my phone >>>>
man . ..my big brother killed it onstage tonight . i'm proud of you man !
have free pass to museum of natural history that expires tomorrow ! am sick :(
yeah:( . . . . and i dont think you tell what wrong kat you know im here for you .
i'm not implying that the gop does everything right but really the bail outs , sylindra like all ex of failed dems policy's
some of us are becoming the men we wanted to marry . ~gloria steinem
watching the best #community episode ever . well played
coloring my hair !
i never stopped loving .
too much dribbling & isos & guys are out of position because of miami's tough defense .
ugh ! look at my recent tweets to stealyocheese she is stupid . she thinks austin isn't following this account
had to explain flash mobs to two new colleagues in philly today . be worried ! but not too worried !
congrats on the awards . thanks to everyone who helped us get 2nd place for best of show
your only saying that because we have guest here . . . .
so great to see you ! we <3 sol to seed !
thnx bro ! yeah we will have to meet up , let me what works for u all !
life's a journey . my journey mostly just has me running errands for other people .
clogging pinterest with hot guys like and
lmfao what class was it ?
hahahah ok even though you're the best singer in chorus . . .
hey now , twerpies is nothing to laugh at . . . every year , well , i won't go into numbers . (:>)
back in dc after another afternoon of delayed flights . . . .glad to be back !
endings are vital because of just that . leave a reader disappointed & they tend to hold grudges . i don't blame them . i do too .
endless fabulous ensembles and wonderful commentary by !
please follow and let her know that i sent yu to follow her ! she openend for cody nov . 19th 2011 and is amazing !
of course i do but i dont want to take a chance on making my wife uncomfortable
i am working so not many tweets 2nite but the last game is tied in the 2nd inning , hmph , so glad i'm not watching .
chad ochocinco has restructured contract and will be back with
invisible people only got $10 in donations for last 2 months . . .
hah just whatever comes . trying to become sharper everywhere
probably my favorite sports book ever
how are the next cities chosen ? like , points
florida is nice too ! myrtle beach is sc is nice too . a lot of beaches in nc are awesome .
> thank you ! have a fantastic weekend !
how much space can these lights cover . ..i am with a parks and rec .
i pretty much knew was gonna be cee lo's pick . i mean he would have to be insane to not pick her !
talking to the most sweetest guy ever ! <3mitch<3
i just got it today , though i've been out of the library since thursday . thanks !
my dog knows the meaning of the word walk . i am doomed .
#ivytech can provide you with graduates with updated skills and great attitudes . call us ! sent us #ccid2012 . 001260255661
only on fridays mostly . it actually stands for " follow friday " and folks mention some of their followers in a special way .
thanks for the explanation -- and in 140 characters no less :) will dig deeper into the links you sent
thanks for the follow , nice to meet you
good things happening at bedrock lending . keep your eyes on our tweets .
so it appears there's a planning #fail between wordcamp seattle + mobile ux camp . they're on the same day , may 19 . now i have to choose :/
the miss texas pageant is approaching . . . .
5 mile run today . . . don't forget that inmates do cardio too !
or if jason lytle , matthew caws and mark oliver everett started a harmonizing acoustic trio . that would have a dreary sound .
annual tasting and auction event is a tasty way to assist cal poly pomona programs
and are at the loft to hear if and when when they will go on . please head over and support them either way !
eating soup with organic turnips , cabbage , dandelion greens ; chips and red pepper hummus , some lox , and trail mix for dessert .
so stoked mad magazine finally has an app in the newsstand store . issues are way cheaper too . the lighter side of killing time !
i think i could say i've a million dollars to just give away & no one on here would pay attention . sorry .
chiana:those fancy mattresses got nothing on the pile of dirty laundry . ..i'm . ..sleeping on . ..right . ..now . ..z . . .
lucic is my bash brother
s/o to my life
thank you!:)
fraid i do not have skype
hey,my godfather/cousin is patrick dean , do you remember meeting him ? anyways i just wanted to let you know , he said you are cool
being told tht u spend 2 much on #socialnetworks hmm . ..now how wud u knw tht ? a : wen u get on u go thru my page or b:(the answer) so r u ! ;)
all i'm missing is some chicken and some brownies !
friends and family discounts till monday ! find your discount code at facebook.com/endurapet
patron wanted books on camp games .
our next #nola swap will be in march or april . i'll be sure to share the exact date once it's confirmed !
yea buddy . haha
we've rolled back some recent changes to our api consoles until we can resolve a minor instability . sorry for any trouble .
today marks the 60th anniversary of the un's adoption of the convention on the prevention and punishment of the crime of genocide .
#smackdown shut up michael cole
well it's 2012 , and new york's hottest club is the end . club owner john cusack has gone all out . . .
now , with all the harry-for-england hubbub hushed , spurs might manage to win a few again . that would be lovely .
little k was in a fourth of july parade ! when asked if it was for my bday (same day) or the 4th , she was sure everyone was there for me :)
ive had many interests throughout the years but whether playing or coaching , basketball has always been and always will be my true love
crazy thing is i be soo serious . no laughing involved !
missing you
dishes , then going to lay down & watch the game .
or just lead turn ?
this has been a long day . ..but productive
with a functional airport , the flights should be around the clock . the victims are desperate .
the people i work with . . . . . . . i swear are retarded .
- thanks for posting about the daedalus project . wasn't on my radar . interesting . . .
rec'd a letter from an author praising an editor's instructive rejection letter . the exchange highlights the grace of scholarship .
thanks ! rt like the sd trade up . we agree on dre to den . nice work
where does james bond lie on the spectrum of pop culture references these days ?
okay youve been disagreeing with me this whole time there's no agreeing with you lol
#bosskanky and accurate . rt : all i want right now is some head and popeye's
yes , i had joe throw 52 times in sea . and 52 doesn't ring a bell to any of you ravens fans ? well , it was to honor ray lewis .
this weather is just asking for some of our soft serve ice cream with the magical shell . that's right - magic shell .
hopefully soon , waiting game right now . . . :)
it's so hot outside
oh my hair looks like candy ^.^
life is to valuable to be wasted . . . . . . . drop the nonsense , build a bridge, . . . . and get over it . . . .
would you like me to send another track :-)
no luck on the bracelet but i do have the jacket . text me when you wanna pick it up .
a beast tonight . respect rt : good sportsmanship by royce white . that kid can flat out play . wish he was in a kentucky uniform .
cool . but im with my dad
all i really want is that curry we had at the " racetrack" . and some tiger beer . i guess i need to start saving money .
my tits
being so in love with someone that it makes you wanna cry every time you have to leave their side even though you were there for hours
i'm pissed
my teeth feel funny . probably because i ate a chocolate bunny earlier .
good one for sure maybe u can join me and kevin werner in our ritual thursday onion texting of best headlines
out of class and omw back home already . thank god !
new cars are the way to go . when u buy thou u need to see the gas mpg . and check it against what other people say
remember when people used paper maps ? hahahaha i'm weak at that .
keep wom topics fresh and exciting . there always has to be a reason to talk , or people stop talking about you
what a whiner . ..who actually cheers for this guy ? rt nfl needs full-time officials
did your big poster get there yet ?
im sorry i can't do this anymore . . .
2nd person bothered me at 1st but eventually won me over . now in next section . hoping it will also win me over .
next thing you know , this fandom will have found the boys ' ultrasound photos .
you need help alright!!! ! !
unless the heat gets the best of me , i'm looking forward to some free fun tonight : taking the to avam's flicks on the hill !
how's it going ?
#lakersnation over here ! let's go .
shout out to my wife rhonda on this teacher appreciation day !
and so it begins . ..victor cruz will be cutting the ribbon to open mercedes benz fashion week next wednesday in nyc .
inverse jet lag
i can't believe i laughed at this ! " : " whitney's dead : charlie brown " will air tonight at 2am on #abc "
where you traveling from ? i'm with tmj4 . .looking for unique brewer fan stories :)
oprahs audience looks like a sear catalog
#ff my cute dork of a husband wordswordswords
the spurs take on kobe & the lakers tonight for the final time this week .
thanks ! actually my grandfather so i re-posted .
come to chicago already
doing better . thanks !
how do people do really cool things with text in video ? flash ? after effects ?
: exciting ! i'll keep my eyes peeled out for them .
honesty is the first chapter of the book of wisdom . ~thomas jefferson~
but if breaking anonymity feels like the principled thing to do . . .
i missed my 8k tweet :(
sad to think that voters don't notice the current flood of " no energy taxes " commercials are funded by the very corps . that will be taxed
are you guys playing at cma fest ? i really want to meet/see you guys!! ! i'm in love with your music !
thanks for the follow , guys . i love what you are doing with indysphere for small businesses in indy .
newt gingrich ends his speech in iowa with " eye of the tiger " and just seconds later it's trending worldwide on twitter .
oh! ! started following me . haven't had the pleasure yet , but looking forward to the 1st experience !
central . why do you ask ?
you are at 700 ? isn't that your goal . ..while mine is 800 ?
woop woop ! i can't wait to hear what you think :d
stuck in reverse .
" american idol transcends age , gender , ethnicity , everything . " - carrie underwood <3
the test for whether or not you can hold a job should not be the arrangement of your chromosomes . - bella abzug
great points , i find the challenge is having enough time to both create strategy and execute .
ok it's a late reply . read the screw letter tapes . i love the way he constructs the dialog .
damn headache . . . this day could have been so good . :(((
i do not ,i hate her
live stickam acoustic set . saturday at 5pm central ! :)
seeing #contagion tonight . . .
i feel left out now -.-
happy mothers dayy . . . . !
i love these ! also doing this in unused phone booths in nyc !
blehhh . ..rise n shine ! 11:00 am ? not bad . :) happy saturday yall !
rt : rt : i just hope one day you see me , and your heart stops , and realize what you could've had this whole time .
i'll defer that to , but lets just say , me likey .
just an incredible shot
i'd say banana creme pie
face in the mirror - all of the old man creases are of bright laughter .
join us on facebook butterfly society of virginia
javier mendoza's latin jazz experiment performs 2 sets tonite and 2 sets for cinco de mayo tomorrow ! the bistro is going to be heating up !
bahahahaha ! ul fans are getting all butt-hurt over uk's comeback win against msu ! really ? really ? love it!! ! !
you too !
ooh , that closing sentence . zing !
bad link .
-thx for following !
the qna with is surprisingly informal and helpful for us as a youth council
excited to see for the second time tonight the ! i love summer :)
we're pinning #sextech2012 !
are you opening an actual restaurant ?
and i will actually admit that i would kind of want someone to " make " me go see straight no chaser at the ryman .
<3 thank you !
ok i got you
rt is throwing an awesome fall formal w/ live acts , art , music , movies !
let us beat the bushes all round the wagon
good so far . . . (#royals #rangers)
really thats kewl :)do they have a twitter ?
a little bit of down time before heading over to the convention center .
hahah thank you for approving of my drunkness right now .
pawlenty and bachman , two idiots , very disappointing!!! ! www.bruzzesiforpres.com
took a walk behind my apartment in sf (betw berry and channel st by the ballpark) - new favorite place in the city !
taking aplu staff field trip to see space shuttle fly-by !
rdm fact- nm's fav food item is spelled chile and in ' 83 , sen . pete dominici made it official by putting it in congressional records .
you better get to gettin on your goodbye shoes .
thank u again for coming too west palm beach
nature is beautiful .
i'm always late anyway . nothing new for me .
u dont know , u dont drink it
thank you ! also , we have a library cat , a patron's cat who often stays after the patron leaves !
congrats ! thank you for an amazing effort .
o , connie crosby is watching me ! she's a library podcast star !
can you dm justin for me im following please ! !
texas family law tip of the day : you can divorce in texas if you have lived in texas 6 months and in the county where you file for 90 days .
check yes juliet always reminds me of haha
like video games ? get bored at work ? check out for live streaming , news and reviews
nice to meet you :)
: maybe not used all the time , but i'm glad i have drawing skills . you learn a lot about the world by observing & drawing it .
you know the conversation is boring when you're about 5 minutes in saying " how was your day "
so sad that #borders is going out of business . e-reading is the way of the future !
nfl experience is packed ! fill out the waiver online . . . line's long !
that explains so many things . . .
hahaha . i just did ! i want you to follow me back though!( : pleasee . i love the country and i try and follow all country peps
did the refs intentionally miss the intentional foul a second time ?
if we were to recycle/re-write some songs from the reviler ep for an upcoming release , what songs would you want ? !
just chowed on some chinese food . now i'm ready for a nap .
i'll be discussing tape with kathleen hays on bloomberg radio fri 9/9 playwright steve belber will be with me : www.bloomberg.com/radio
now i want some glogg .
i want metta world peace to elbow james harden again . ..i'm all for dirty play , makes things interesting and plus i don't like okc
i am so jealous . the mr's library is closed on sundays during the summer .
just watched you on you were flawless and filled with #fabulosity ! work it , divalina !
why dont we have better candidates for president ?
envy is a very bad word , but i'm envious of those who live across the ocean . i beg you not to come to russia , whether forever or not !
nfl owners are paying 51% & nflpa current players paying 49% of the negotiated legacy benefit . is that what you are asking ?
sorry . .i'm being rude . .i apologize . .i'm just in a bad mood . .
i think so . we might have met once or twice
yea i can ask my emcee if he is down for you to be on that one too ! i think he said he already has it all written for that !
at radio show
it will be when i'm done down there .
cant wait til friday!!!:)
i-i'm dylan
kinda bored . . what needs to get done
an interview is not an opportunity to pour your heart out . be brief , business-like and focus on key points . focus on the job .
bro , this application does not have a valid signature
i have no recollection of oliver but this twit convo makes me so happy
further info on relevance evaluation metrics map and mrr can be found in wikipedia per sadeh
meeting at 7:30 , but at the park at 2:30 so time to ride some rides .
am i the only person who thinks making a movie of abraham lincoln : vampire killer is a dumb idea ?
lost my dear friend charlie prazma to a heart attack 2day . most talented guitarist and kindess person . a true loss
o . . i fell asleep . this is only a deal if we have our r . kelly listening session thingamabob
fun family hike to end all the great time off . ready for an interesting and fun year , but not to hit the office tomorrow .
you know i'd be there if i wasn't at work bro !
definitely . communicopia blog is my rss pluck of the month . tks for hitting my sweet spot . cc :
just go ahead and put your man card back in your purse where it belongs . ( ;
i guess so .
next time i'll drunktext you to make up for it
i'm not a journalist , i'm a fan . i don't spend every moment on twitter , therefor i may behind your curve .
i took a screen writing class and loved it . which authors inspire you ?
damn lol you live in orlando ? ! and twitter is worldwide tf jaha
wordswordswords : . $1b to whom ? which company ? wordswordswords so he didn't give away 1 billion in tax breaks ?
thanks feel free to share your favorite #rhubarb dishes :) yummy !
aww , i like her !
congrats to bc on the win and especially to jerry york for his 900th ! outstanding !
cafe sua to start which tasted like a werthers candy , apring rolls , and a shrimp , chick , bbq pork , and beef combo over rice .
note to self : do not study lines with day care kids nearby . . . my name is now part of every other sentence i need to say . . .
" i'm not an issue . i'm a person " -lance mullins . " the risen christ comes to us as a person not a dogma or a theology " -campbell
#wvu total pretenders!! ! disappointing! ! !
have an amazing time at colorado state finals ! good luck to you and all the other teams !
the best thing about owning a car is all the yelling and sobbing you can do in it .
i think justin's new song is different and catchy wordswordswords #boyfriend >>>>>
i'm as free as my hair .
most recent additions to the cougar legends presented by sterling bank !
" which ' incredibly boring white guy ' will romney choose as vp ? " #huffpost how bout the stay puft marshmallow man ?
anyone from dallas who's interested in moonrise kingdom free passes ? screening is next wed , may 23 . let me know ! :)
picture day wussup .
lol oh ok !
thank you for the #ff mentions !
anyone out there looking to buy hunting land in northern & central wisconsin this fall ?
really great hearing about feelrich initiative promoting fitness & nutrition for urban audience
thanks for the follow ! keep on rocking dave !
kelly clarkson , i love you . . .
lmao okay im coming !
quality , not quantity , right ?
gearing up to support and defend mke taverns at the mke common council tomorrow .
thanks for sharing this one ! we are always on the lookout for apps to shout out about . . .
you're awesome ! me encanta tu show !
s l o w ' the picture you took of me & ___ saturday night downtown ' * remember lol
if i were a cartoon . . . .
i read the original red as an anti-rape , pro-feminist violence message , given the wolf-as-rapist interpretations of little red riding hood .
aw goodnight hun ! i love you ! :) xoxo
yeah , the internet . my son keeps telling me it's a tool that i should use .
ram fan motto : with u when u win and with with u when u lose our heart doesn't stop rooting on st lou and our team n goldnblu
i love my new make up brushes ! :)
don't worry about avoiding temptation - as you grow older , it starts avoiding you . ~author unknown
lol baby wade ! rt : said he bout to go d-wade . . . ..let's see what he does lol
austin please!!!!!! ! follow me or tweet back ? <3
thanks again for your help ! i'm in a store !
thanks so much for helping out !
i think only a vendor partner can get away with saying " i'd love for you to check our back-end " in a business meeting . tee-hee . " back-end "
rt : #seattle will be sponsoring an event for about #healthit . we would love to see you there ! - . . .
i think there's a way to cut yourself off of replies , or remove yourself from the list . annoying & pester-y little problem , true .
whatever happened to dixie peach ?
at the end of game they should play 2v2 , nba jam style . that would be some fun . i would pick kg and pierce every single time .
m ryan vs sea or grossman vs . stl who do i start ? i think grossman what do u think ?
one " n " in buccaneers . too many double letters . bottom line , chip kelly looked into nfl , but ultimately decided for now , he's a duck .
who are the food venders at the 2011 rose festival city fair culinary courtyard ?
have a good weekend t !
congrats ! glad you're making the most if it . . .
let the rain fall down & come in clean
i'm done trying to produce for you . i've chosen the wrong apprentices .
its 80wordswords in ny right now my boy " : this weather bogus as hell! "
big but delightful trouble
i'm a big flirt . .
what do you do ?
its gonna rain on us :)
if " plan a " didn't work , the alphabet has 25 more letters .
okey today at school was awesome i got my first client i was so scared but i did it im so happy that i think i need a drink lol
im not the same , im sorry i've changed .
love is a leap - i was never inspired to jump .
vodka tasting & booksigning at keplerwordswordswordss today ! the king of vodka : the story of pyotr smirnov and the upheaval of an empire . free event 7:30
just finished war room . good read .
ladies act your age , not your track length
best party in vegas tonight , baby ! tropicana- 3801 las vegas boulevard
wait , isn't that a t-shirt at u of c ?
he's been mine ;) <3
follow me please i love you so much <3 yolo
im soo glad its friday ! ! :d
cool -- show me ? :) hope i didn't miss something obvious ?
kevin nash is trending . ..makes me wish we ordered summerslam lol .
being unable to log into fb feels like my right arm was cut off . ok , not that bad . but still .
living the life !
#idtraderomofor a kim and kris reunion !
i'd say 100 years old and as slow as a snail
for the first time in 12 years , i'm not doing anything drum corps related this summer , interesting . what do ' normal ' people do ! ?
the cplp symposium scheduled for feb 15 has been cancelled . if you paid online the full amount paid will be refunded to you .
so who's excited for #bamboozle this year ? i want to go but i might be graduating that day
when i love i love fareal!* #caramelbabii . . !
sweet dreams cutie:)
did you see the twist coming ? i admit , i never thought it would be (spoiler alert!) logan's dad .
loving this quote hun
congrats and jessica st . clair for getting on nbc ! it's a good day for girls who've done comedy with me before , but aren't me !
merry christmas everyone! ! !
it's a beautiful morning ! time to wake up and smell the coffee , or in my case the cinnamon , cayenne and apple cider vinegar w/ ageve tea .
without moral and intellectual independence , there is no anchor for national independence .
local pres of planned parenthood " thrilled " at komen reversal .
oklahoma never ever meant anything to me until now .
igtg i love u so much gn
alright i'ma do that .
so far i still have school but it's still raining n flooding soo :d
i kinda want the new #samsung #galaxynote .
got excited that national kiss day was trending up , til i realized it wasn't national kiss day . surely , the ghost of gene simmons is weeping
3 days until the #nhsa2012 spring conference begins ! we're getting excited ! how about you ?
everyone's are you kidding me , who's idea was it to make milfs trend d ;
i'm developing a weird mancrush on kid's legit .
who watched ms . basia quartz on youtube ? good is what is not .*>
the seattle library has free digital streaming of recent movies . not sure how common it is elsewhere . . .
omg you didn't ' post a blog ' stop it already .
learning about the stimulus pkg and nonprofits
s/o to for being cool and funny as hell !
pubget vendor speaking highly of david rothman , i agree .
the #weekend is feeling more and more like a reboot . . . which we all need
they know . . .
going rolling blading this weekend with
remember happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have ; it depends solely on what you think.- dale carnegie
i'm calling 3-0 victory w goals by and . let's go #skc win this game !
nice job on tonight ! very well said !
score ! ice cream keeper & new ice cream scoop . cannot wait to make homemade ice cream . beyond excited! ! pull out the ice cream maker pronto !
fda recently approved a telescopic eye implant to help those that are 75+ years old with end stage macular degeneration . . . .
come relax
at least 70% of all our new business comes from social media .
whats popping tonight ? square apple ? beauty bar ?
as much as it kills me , this moment has to end . god willing , it won't be the last time i feel like this .
i kind of like waking up early on the weekend . my day seems way longer.wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
what's up with you my man
any time ! great read !
thanks for the warm welcome ! the wg rules !
that griffin shot didn't count , though . they called greene for the flagrant .
never seen it !
it's always edifying to discuss #mentoring and #informallearning with caea colleagues !
thanks , kevin !
carrot cake ?
do you think seattle will try to counter offer flynn ?
so spanky , my dads all unconfuseded now and i'm going up on friday . i hope i see you soon beautiful.<3
i'm not afraid to love someone , i'm afraid of not being loved back .
#chemtrails feeling weird for a month.now after 2 weeks of high doses of organic metal detox erbs am i feeling a little better .
only the peoples following u or whoever's name u put into it the tweet i believe .
raining as i leave virginia . i had a great time at marc . thank you again sorors !
yeah buddie . swimming with dolphins awweeeyeaaah
all i want is and an aston martin . . is that really too much to ask ?
the hallway smells like biofreeze .
cmon marquez . third times a charm .
omfg i can't breathe out of one nostril .
just saw a umass dartmouth sign thing . . .
hey cuzieeee ! i miss you ! when are you coming to visit ?
awesome ! good luck !
haha totally understandable !
today is #whyilovemuseums day ! what do you love about museums ? what do you like most about lbma ?
oh : " so i thought , ' oh no , dan is in the bathroom with bill gates ! and that's why we don't expect an invitation . ..' " <- a different dan !
something is not right if it's warmer in upstate new york than it is in los angeles right now .
yeah , you're so important talking your techie business talk while i'm practically yelling " excuse me! " behind you . pfft , seattle .
if only iwordswordswordsd of known that later on down the road iwordswordswordsd look back and not like what i see iwordswordswordsd of changed a lot of things startinwordswordswords with me
hey! ! how are you doing ? long time no speak :d
no its for here
is loving #sxsw ! one more day left . . . #rockinyourhealth come see us in booth 1339 ! !
i live for video resumes .
am i the only person who hasn't purchasers a #megamillions ticket ? i'm actually feeling anxiety about it .
s/o 2 my new follower
well played today my friend . thanks for jumping in ! rt wordswordswords : always a great time with #gameonwordswordswords
seems we suffer from the same thing . but summers is also good for flaunting beauties like you to show off your summer style
its okay for your swag to change around diff . ppl but the way you treat your friends shouldn't change for the sake of u impressing someone
tonight with any order receive a free medium drink with any burger or wing order
trip to louisville got cancelled as of 5:30 this morning . couldn't go back to sleep after that .
nyc le soon! ! !
hearing my daughter sing her graduation song lets me know its time for voice lessons . she writes and loves to sing . artist in the making .
what u on mab
good food trucks need good eaters and we thank you for it !
when it comes to carpet cleaning in golden beach , florida locals depend on revolutionary cleaning .
right ? but just gimme ten minutes of national airtime and i can make a whole career out of it . lol .
are you aspiring to be twitter #famous ?
so happy i don't live near all the sports bars over on amsterdam avenue . i like a quiet celebration .
come to m100f to hear talk about advancing marriage equality
i have 2 b @ work in the morn by 9:00am & for some reason im up at 3:15 not able 2 sleep!! ! sleep where r u ? itd b rly nice if u wld come
" a man's beard grows faster when he is anticipating sex . "
the swing by robert louis stevenson . my fav . as a child : how do you like to go up in a swing , up in the air so blue . . .
hey baby birds who wants ta go to head slammers with my friend and i next sat ? rt & send a message
the 9 may of 2012 a person followed me :) thanks :) i love you so much :d
coming soon : sumatra , another brazil , guatemala , and a french roast blend for everyone who likes it dark !
i think i'd do better on my own , no friends , no fights , just me alone . -
gm twitfam . . . . . . . . body hurting like crzy . . . . ugh rain rain go da hell away .
one marina homes in redwood city is off to a great start ! 7 homes sold to date , and we expect our first move-ins at the end of january .
this may be offensive bro.lol
" : republicans will own this #shutdown #lastword " if it takes a shutdown to wake america up about r spending then so be it
i hate that people are hating on a new mahomie . ..everyone has been a new mahomie before.how would u feel if someone was doing it to u ?
sam adams<3
rt : cinco de mayo , chuy's annual hot to trot 5k . ..and let's not forget margaritas ! it'll be fun . register here: . . .
guitar bands
i had so much fun in the parade at universal studios i got lots of beads and saw big time rush :)
if only we are stepping in the right places , it is just a matter of time that we will find ourselves in our destine place . moken nunga
#gotribe 1st day of tournament let's go tribe !
up with the sun and running the web does not design itself . ..breakfast on deck have a great day . ..people . . .
i don't think this overwhelming feeling will ever go away . at least not for another 2 1/2 months .
" write about it . post about it . blog about it . shout it out vwordswordsa social media . ..content is king . "
what it do tweethearts ? about to have study group lmao! ! !
just saw the movie " buried " at the milwaukee film fest . wow .
lemme know if you need musical accompaniment ! i'm an excellent whistler . . . dare i say , flautist ?
" girl i be eating ramen with my marc jacobs bag " - hot mess mariah
american sausage in my english mcmuffin
can't we are leaving in like 5-10 minutes . i hope . . .
will have to check it out . . there is never enough inspiration to be happy in this world . . :)
what , no snow blanket for your sleepy harbor ? !
kid , you sound so desperate oh my lord . let me punch you in the face .
oh , isnt that hot dog amazing ! i haven't tried the poutine yet . the bv crew heads over for drinks post-work occasionally
i respect gospel singers . but mary mary are some fine ass women
is white people far better off than blacks ?
the cheese tasting was awesome , too !
maybe tomorrow
how will you be able to sleep with that planned ?
nice #seinfeld reference !
it's national teacher appreciation week . does that apply to #college professors as well ?
:/ i hear ya . i'm still on a happy high from last night . l0l ! :)
oh man come on man really seriously the chiefs beat the packers really wtf . . . i really don't wanna see the dolphins hold this title forever
making a presentation on how to use 1st
full house in the reading room !
#mittromney has shown how he treats those weaker than he is : like a #sociopath with no #empathy . just who we want for our
had fun with a girls volleyball team - playing with their minds . they loved it and are coming back for the show tonight .
thank you!! ! we all love you , too! ! !
let me know when d . wade decides he wants to hoop
heads up . at some point today , three of alan hirsch's e-books will be free on all major platforms including the faith of leap .
there is nothing stopping them from killing herschel and taking over that farm
lol , just don't give a bottle lmao xd
with my sister til she goes off to switzerland
hey , thanks again for the call today . i really appreciate your input & advice .
i just voted for you for council . thanks for running . good luck !
ah lol ! you do love a good shimmy ! :)
i should probably charge my phone now
psu theater arts presents : mountain language zoo story . free preview on january 13th at lincoln hall room 110 !
locally , might be sparky . :)
bf was watching couch while person who owned it moved away . now she wants back . side note- the couch was in tree of life .
wordswordswords : when i am enabled to act with love , god will take care of my feelings . -the rock that is higherwordswordswords
usually , when women look me in the eyes i have to look away after about 3 seconds , but with her i struggle to take my eyes off of her .
going to be a perfect week ! i'm stoked . rt the weather is amazing out here here right now !
our bassist just made a twitter so follow him and the rest of us that have a twitter !
one more month to the year,seems like yesterday was january 1st,& a once blank calender is down to it's last page,heres to makin it hapn
milk shake and fries from steak & shake .
hear hear
belt is going to split time at 1b and golds is struggle . if i had to drop one i guess it would be the guy splitting time
how can an embassy be this incompetent ?
we'll never turn our backs on humanity .
me too
meryl streep was def stunning in her younger years but still seems to be amazing at what she does ! love her .
on wednesday disney is showing eloise at the plaza @ 8:30 pm !
it goes everywhere . literally .
good for you ! my wife's in a union and if it weren't for that , her meager income would be the most minimal of incomes . . .
yes , i'll post something for you guys today =]
i just watched your ted talk , we couldn't agree more with your approach to building a company around the " why " !
soon they will be avaible in stores as of right now only through www.snoclothing.com thank you for your interest .
just saw starships . . . little freaky but you worked it ;d <3
i have a crush on 1 of my friends . . . since b4 i met him n real life o_o
anyone have bbm for blackberry ? if so , message me your pin number
donated over 24 older toshiba laptops to #salvationarmy , all with wi-fi , dvd and tons of other goodies ! i hope it helps someone , somewhere .
sometimes i really hate you .
when my phone auto corrects brittany to brittana
it's all good! ! watch out . . . can become addicting . ..haha
" if i had my life to live over again , i'd be a plumber . " wordswordswords albert einstein
so what's this good news you said you had to tell us about ?
legitimate fouls on collison but huge foul out .
omw to class to listen this old 87 yr old women talk abt sex
if you don't audibly fart when you're getting a security patdown at the airport , the terrorists win .
rt what will earth day 2012 look like ? take a photo on april 22nd where you are and help us capture the moment . . . .
lol ! definitely going to slow down or else i won't make it through the night .
you know you've learned to control your anger when you overhear two people talking about how much they hate radiohead and not interject .
oh lord . . they don't know it all :\\
the problem i have with blogging is , it's either small talk or something serious . i can't do small talk . serious stuff is for real writing .
thank you very much ! :d
oh nice , lemme knw how it goes !
are you the primary lyricist or do you and split them up ?
great private marketplace conversations with publishers
wtf . it's 5:54 in the morning and i wake up to little kids screaming wake up ! its hunting time ! what the hell ?
true that
the return of the hit squad show at best buy theater was super incredible.alot of microphones got rocked!!!!hip-hop
*people speaking a different language* they're obviously talking about me
lln . i was talking about girls , bro( ;
did you bring your drums to thunder alley ?
shoutout to for judging the costumes for
i miss you !
meeting the building owner today to look @ space/talk about moving with the deal . wish us luck omg'ers ! we are so close to actual space !
fantastic happy hour deals for #mlb opener tonight ! come in and find out ! !
you never know what uber will do next ! ;)
herman cain : " i am suspending my presidential campaign . "
thanks for the retweet :)
@ speaking of . . . i have seven diff colors of duct tape . . . . for what it's worth . . .
you be ridiculous . .
final home football practice is to long :p
one important thing iwordswordswordsve leaned in life is that i donwordswordswordst need to have an opinion about everything and probably shouldnwordswordswordst .
do you have an ipad ?
amen ! my thoughts exactly .
not bad for dejesus ' first career ph homer .
all hell is going down
and then ask them to name 5 female wrestlers and mma fighters ,
i'm following the next 50 selenators that follows hurry <3 :)
oh , that hurts .
this time next week i should be sittin around a pool with my gf
that's awesome ! lol
and bryce harper as tonight's hero ? what! ! ? ! ? ! wait and see! ! !
is the best
everything everywhere uses contentious spectrum in cumbria 4g trial - techweekeurope uk
oomf is such a loser ! wordswordswords
you love #greeks and you love #cheeseburgers . well , we've put them together and have $5 greek cheeseburgers until 4pm today !
is that site one of your proud accomplishments ? :-) if so , nicely done .
nice few days in #chateauneuf , now off to #coterotie and #hermitage for a little
follow back ?
i can see feeling weird , but i don't know that it's " wrong " per se .
i know . ..lolol,bring it tomorrow !
chicagohoops global challenge !
need any phone bank captains , or just callers ? i have some time in the evenings & it would be warmderful 2 be back on elvas ave
everyone dreams of making it big someday u actually made it happen , as a child did u ever think u would come this far ? we all luv u--
i love the portable wi-fi feature on my phone . ..but hate that it wont let me watch videos on the bus . boo .
since the bobcats will become the worst team in history , do the raptors become the worst team this year ? they lost to the bobcats twice! ! !
i hope brian long appreciates the cursing on ksr today .
i wanna go to a dodger game wordswordswordswordswordswordshaven't been to one in a while .
loved seeing you last night ! hope you enjoyed the wines ! and how good were those scallops ? yum !
wow thanks yay !
i used to assume every tall black man i saw was an nba player , but not now . i mean , not during the playoffs .
oh yeah , size 12
yep , you end up with google , intel , apple , etc
chilly #united flight from iad to sfo . blankets no longer available in coach class ! ? thanks flight attendant kathy for coming to the rescue
we had a full house and standing ovation with some great industry people there . thank you nbc casting and latc for coming !
i would gladly pay for an indystar site that is well designed , mobile friendly,doesn't carpet bomb me with ads--unlike current 1 .
gears of war yes
off today , then i work saturday , sunday , and monday . looking forward to tonights episode of criminal minds on a & e tonight .
i'm definitely going to try !
today is my birthday ! unfortunately i can't really celebrate or anything until this weekend . ..this week is full of exams and papers . blah .
i just want 2 tell a lot of people bish myob !
i am not with ywam anymore . i live in la . how are you ?
ohh . . im not a directioner so i wouldnt know what to call them
ok , cool . you're lucky you got it early :-)
my day would be complete fi followed me i love her ! !
get off my timeline
work really hard and wish on a few stars . still long way for me to go though . ..don't be too jealous trust me :-)
thank you !
working on new dance song , finishing up with music video this weekend . stay tuned !
pete the cat saves christmas by eric litwin & james dean has a night before christmas theme
prompted me to look at #dbi index where lebron's overall score is falling . even more interesting . ..trust attribute trending downward .
losses are a good thing . because you realize what a strong person you truely are!!!!!!!!!!!!!you mourn the loved ones . . . .you'll never forget
witches with rattles as in three witches dj in between red rattles songs at black market moto saloon on 3/17 otherwise known as st.patrick's
hope your thursday rocks !
four new google analytics reports aggregate key data points to help you see the complete picture of how social marketing and media . . .
rep koch is taking copious notes re possible amendment
i thought i had responded to this , but maybe i did so just in my head . regardless , yes to all of the above !
that's great! ! n i know! ! i ain't been at eva in a good minute! ! i miss you too! ! ima come get y'all one day to kick it .
: so true !
exercised 4 times last werk and on purpose ! plus swam today ! i'm so proud of me . hope to start losing weight:-)
the mission is to nurture , cultivate , and promote art , music , culture , sustainability , community , and non-profits in las vegas . join us !
hi , ! thanks for following me !
#memberprofilein140 : our biz banker bob huckabaa is from pnc & is a great personal banker to address all your needs !
just purchased 2 tickets to ' s little black dress event at coney island! ! can't wait . . .
hope the site jobs you gained are helping . are you purely freelance and able to work around conventions ? because the man owns me .
having money >
what a wonderful night . played the bluebird with connor rand and wes mcdonough . . best round i've ever played .
green your next glass of wine by choosing local & organic wines which uses fewer chemicals than mainstream wines and preserve the . . .
- welcome to twitter !
hey ! i have a request . who is your new trainer ?
hoes be quiet
listening to sean murphy of rt : settling in at
are you insulted by their laziness or happy about someone actually reading your blog . . . :-)
money frees you from doing things you dislike . since i dislike doing nearly everything , money is handy .
" you're a talented writer . why don't you do more with it, " he questioned me . i smiled and shrugged .
um idk i might ma said she will drop me off if i decide to go
mayor : even if there's a good reason for not making fire sttn 10 a restroom , there's a better reason for doing it anyways
now i can say i know how it feels to lose your bestfriend smh
colbert report with my baby in bed x) mad full dukes
dear quaker state , will you please send me oils and lubricants vital to vehicular survival ++ roky erickson
i didn't either . my old band opened for them in gainesville , hung out in same circles . good to know wife & band support him
rt : finally ;-) able to download ios5 . curious about newsstand but excited by universal / cordless sync . goodbye pc
bill simmons wife tweets about bachelor
she's #teampeeta !
serious ? warm up hoffman ?
watching conan o'brien
i don't think eddie winslow smoked that much pot
it's heart month at the bakken ! come on down for super science saturday and perform heart surgery and make a ~fibrillating~ valentine !
good man just touching base . we met at ur show in santa monica . just trying to connect and see if we can collab
rt : q4) analytics that can recognize and respond to a performance need.<<very much agree
you da one in ma profile boo , i just love her too , she es special to me <3
thank you so much ! congrats on your engagement kaylie=)
o you don't say whom ? haha ! thanks terry , you always make my day !
that's awesome !
consolidating twitter accounts . . . follow
and reggie wayne have you heard about the latest on peyton maybe a broncos that's the latest
honky , please !
posmanbooks @ grand central has a bio table & i stumbled upon " chasing the flame " about un diplomat/politico sergio viera de mello , killed .
great idea ! rt : leave a review , win great prizes ! | go ! overseas gooverseas.com/leave-a-reviewwordswordswordsgooverseas
i will follow if you follow me and
wondering if social networks are a destination or a medium ? probably end up more towards medium in the future .
i was going to start dieting a bit on this tour . but then i realized how much i'm obsessed with bacon for all the time .
johan #galtung was interviewed on a few days ago , amy #goodman is pleased to get to see him face to face today !
let me know when to be there
that feeling when you see a sneak peek from a shoot #magic i'm so thankful for my life !
mixing has begun on my debut record . i am so nervous that i'm sick . is this normal ? should i be this anxious about this stage of the record ?
how long are they going to watch this dog ? break the damn window ! !
hope you all had a super time in indy ! loved meeting you and kg ! you guys are amazing ! your new fans will be following ! !
i found your profile through a friend lol . i've just started my account too . i think it's from the popular adds , like magazines .
drive slow , homie
at 1pm ! rt : what time will you start handing out those nifty shirts ? 1pm or 5pm ? need to plan my day and it's all . . .
jam up 26-23 with 2:27 to left in the first period
happy birthday chicago ! might have to get ginos this week to celebrate .
chris mann and cristina killed it on their duet .
i do what i want . . . people are hypocrites anyway so i don't care .
and is our 127th follower ! as promised free foodchain brand sticker ! damn what is shipping 2 portugal ? dm addy 2 claim it buddy .
who needs an alarm clock when bob hope airport keeps sending planes ten feet over my house every morning ? sheesh !
i don't understand what that has to do with me , is this a spam thing ?
if i were in charge , you would have to pass a written test and interview process to be allowed to camp in az outside of numbered camps !
hi ! you are one of the best reporter of #ktla . so enthusiastic( :
aw , you're too cute lexie . i'll share <3
#saascon cloud is transforming computing to utility so do the providers need to come under utility laws ?
yes ! another pair of pants ripped . have i really gained that much weight ? what's the deal ? !
excited to get to play at work today instead of bug fix (and by play , this nerd means product dev and innovation)
raging bull 2 ? ! what in the hell is happening in hollywood ?
the thought of you still makes me crazy wordswordswords
yes of course !
eh . ..if he likes it and he's smart about it i don't see the harm ;p
i'm at population zero
my knicks look good tonight !
grr i failed my road test grr
kanye just wrote a book via 529,492 tweets . put kerouac to shame .
got 1 here as well . jello shots anyone!! ! yea tailgate at the house! ! !
i agree . rt : " i'm cute like that . "
the comfort food i crave the most is __________ .
i follow so many porn stars now because of you .
you know the mockers ? they're friends from my music days .
you and jackson are going to love the avengers . it was amazing !
i realize everything.( :
they do according to my not so smart phone
haha true that !
kudos to them on their smashing success !
heh . i was totally crying a little bit , secretly .
where do you go to school ?
derek fisher : through the years
wow - congratulations !
finished mowing the lawn just as it started to rain . i count that as a win .
so you must love it now , when we're fighting against hilary rosen's hatred and the injustice toward women . . .
if u have cellulite at 18 something is wrong .
might need to kill the man in his sleep tonight .
you're welcome . happy to help out .
let me talk with our developers , what is your user name for snoball and 4sq ?
this morning represents new - an original moment , a beginning of something , a first step in keeping with your hopes & desires - choose it !
kate has finally joined twitter - welcome !
temptation is easy to follow because the tempter removes all fear of consequences .
bay got me drinking remy
indeed ! mitts money can't buy character , a conscience , or compassion for human beings . hewordswordswordss like a fish out of water with people
" : a real superman is not afraid to stand next to a superwoman! "
prob! ! i will be too for alil then talk to him and i'll just be like o.o :o
4 steps 2 thinking systemically - construct rich picture , frame situation , consider ethics , assess dynamics (williams)
i can't wait to see you at the alumni day !
nothing in my locker , finally school is almost over .
the freak list , the parties in the plaza , tht long ass walk to the caf , if you went 2 #mississippivalleystateuniversity u kno wht i mean
people tell me that i fell off . . . . oh i needed that
too obvious ! ? but i am playing requests for the guys .
i do my thing . . . .yup
" don't waste time . eventually , you will run out . "
i was thinking the same thing . .definitely spoiled this winter with little snow in philly !
dark possibilities there . factory accidents + exotic prosthetics = sideshow cyborg horrorshow .
thank god for letting me see another year , i won't let y'all down
almond oil and cortexiphan fingerprints . i love
#realtime arsenio hall + bill maher is awesome
tomorrow i have to stay after school till 7 .
brand with social media , but monetize your marketing with mobile !
merry christmas everybody! ! !
good ! until then my love . . . . .
#thingsyoudontdoin2012 wear mid top air forces
the awkward moment when your friends mom is yelling at your friend while you're chilling there
life is like a hourglass . eventually everything hits the bottom & we just have to wait for someone to come and turn it around .
waiting for
doing that stuff with her wont make me jealous and looking back at me with her just makes me know even more that you miss me
i guess ill be on twitter more often again , well see . maybe possibility of doing a youtube vid . .well see
am finding something oddly soothing about brendan shanahans voice & am putting his suspension explanation videos on in bkgrnd as white noise
and . . . .the sirens are tested . it feels like there is one in my backyard .
i made some great moves out here today . thank you lord for watching over me
listening to hunter hayes and driving through the hamptons
scraps knows no better reason 2 squeeze an extra nap into the middle of the day .
kinda i like cali better
b . griner = a . davis
first date impressions- first impressions are important make them count . here are some tips-
lets get this trending #travishenningisaboss !
happy mother's day from all of us at #sandwichmeinchicago !
i dont have her number:/
i switched from boa and i love it . had issues w/ bill pay , but it's good now . and many free atms . and iphone check deposit .
i said white ! !
ha ! agreed ! i love her , i mean i want to be her , i mean idk what i want ! hahah miss u !
nope not even gonna go there i'm gonna be the bigger person #growup!!!!!!!!!! ! !
watchin videos ( : get at me bro ! very talented ( ;
ah i can't wait that long ! are you going for sure ?
just met w/a wonderful new friend on campus . great start to the weekend , but i wish i could add more hrs to today . deadlines coming soon .
possibly ! i'm really open to anything at this point . a library job would be fun , but they're hard to get around here .
no you dont , you just assuming
ha ha . i recently thought the same thing !
i love blueberry pancakes ! with whipped cream .
wonderfully said !
c benson or l blount in at flex ?
i'm protesting patrick kane's rookie drinking skills . 3-week booze camp with me and
it's always fun to dream . . . kegs of boulevard would definitely hit the spot !
one more hour and im off !
i hope you tell your friends , family , and others i'm a friend of the mcclain and tell them about my personality
too much work , too little time !
hey gerry what's up ? anything new and exciting ?
i know . he has a very nice body .
freedom outreach will be having youth workers this summer!!! ! #woohoo! ! !
for coming!! ! so great to see you and adrianna !
aye man you sell bud ?
this dude pays 3.5k a month for rent wtf
i have really enjoyed your posts this morning . i like to try and focus on the aspects of the relationship that are still good .
monsoon storms here in az nice for a change .
absolutely ! i'll send you a message in a moment .
fun & oh so interesting ! must do again v . soon . . . . feel btr !
wherever in the world there is sunshine , we want to be there right now . typical cloudy #sanfrancisco day . . .
thank you for following - our brand new website will be up by december 1 . can't wait for a visit to morton's !
i love home movie day .
it is a joyous wednesday afternoon ! hope everyone is having a great day .
thanks for your comments !
haha sounds good . :)
been seeing lots of new fans on facebook and followers on twitter , so thank you all , keep it up we really appreciate it !
we dont celebrate
oh dear me . . . .*sound of barrel being severely scraped* toby young licking uncle rupe's arse publicly . what is it with these tory idiots ? .
check out fado in chinatown tomorrow and happy hour for a good cause! ! i'll be there at the start of happy hour!! ! woo hoo !
absolutely . potus : " this nation is great because we built it together . "
the jam ! !
mother teresa said people won't remember what you said , but will remember how you made them feel , so true
<- - this is what the world's greatest aunt looks like ! :d
hope u have a great time! ! :)
lol - well said . wonder that myself .
woke up at 12:30 , got breakfast with some of the residents . chillin like a villian planning for the week .
:o if it is cancelled , then my summer will be lame as always! ! :(
haha . i immediately thought of you when i read that article .
and spain ? and spain ? and spain ? and spain ? and spain ? and spain ? and spain ? and spain ? #thatshouldbespain :'(( i'm so sad :(
thanks for letting me know
memorial day parade goes right past my house - always a treat to see the police , reenactors , and scads of brownies and boy scouts .
listen bub , if you're not going to use this account just give it to me ; i will actually use it .
it's hard to be big , when little got you ! aj
say a prayer for detroit lions player jahvid best who suffered a concussion last weekend and still feeling a little dizzy . get better soon !
is having a hard time getting going this morning .
yeah about 20 minutes ago , thanks . gonna hide behind my desk for a while until monday behaves .
massage & free lunch
do you want me to tweet a trillion times ?
it's a funny thing that when a man hasn't anything on earth to worry about , he goes off and gets married.-robert frost
i would like to clarify my previous tweet . . . i like the format of this debate , but not the questions .
guns n ' roses wordswordswordslive and let diewordswordswords is older than paul mccartneywordswordswordss ' 73 original was when gnr covered it in ' 91 .
received a strange message from you , hacked ?
seven minutes!!!! ! !
my geography class . .my math class and my business class are the only classes i like . .and somehow i have a bad grade in geography . . . .
aquaculture forum tuesday in eureka
i think you mean dibs . lol
lol- i'm there all night on wednesday- all hands on deck ! we have #nhlnetworktour visiting that night !
we're printing more issues ! would you like west coaster at your craft beer business ? do you have a spot we should distribute to ? just ask !
time to bust out the best crew shirt .
why isn't thomas robinson wearing pantyhose on his arms tonight ?
nintendo 3ds ? ipad2 ? sony experia play ? new bbq grill ?
happy birthday baby i love you so very much <3<3<3
polar bears can jump . i've seen it happen .
most importantly , i hope that my mom feels better , and that her breathing improves .
just saw your tweet - and now i'm craving peanut butter cookies in milk chocolate ! yum !
whats good for tonight ?
no way ! we should gather all the librarian djs and do a music night .
by the day the majority of them are sending less experienced reporters to cover the nhl . (continued)
of course , silly . i just hadn't told caroline .
hey everyone ! dm if you'd like to be part of her plan ! sounds cool! ! :d
go easy on the syrup ! have a happy! ! !
wishing everyone a blessed yule . winter solstice is at 12:34 am tomorrow morning . sunrise at 7:17 am . may the new born sun shine bright .
lol for one with such good taste , you certainly are modest . ^_^
murder suicide =/= the hood
hahahahhahahha i remember that !
caught up on #madmen . . . so betty draper is not perfect ! wow . episode directed by jon hamm . well done !
had the chicken pot pie pasty tonight . great food . great concept .
juicy is back may 4th ! !
nice ! i live in pacific beach , so keep me posted ! :)
dana , thomas , john and gustavo have time to talk about tattoos today ! !
im sorry , but longer games on operation metro are not incentives for me to play again nor are close quarter maps . . .
went out 2 tie down the patio cushions . ..almost became part of the scenery wit mother nature fartin all over the place
when your 13 year old sister calls you to tell you she's 5'3 " now , asks how tall you are , and then starts cracking up . #im5'4 "
hehe got to charge my phone ( :
wet cheek kisses from somebody you wouldn't kiss in the mouth <
congrats to the cardinals . ..now for real . ..bai tweets . ..movie time . . .
going to the music store . yaaaay
there are just so many things wrong with this tweet . i cannot wait to see who follows you because of it ;p
games r won and lost at the ft line rt : like my coach always said , free throws win games . are you listening mu ?
wtf . ..my tv just stopped working . .i jus bought it.smh
#thingsireallycantstand when people get mad at you for having a good time .
me and one chance is a match made in heaven those my boys im down tell me wat i gotta do
#mahonetola that's so exciting #foreveramahomie ( ;
origin of walker hendrickson #right-to-work video , documentary about #janesville,wisconsin . #371 productions of wisconsin . . .
going shopping and then ending up lost in a really dodgy street at like 10 at night and took like half an hour to find the
silly sound department . :-)
maybe they are mixed with steel wool ?
new word for 2012 c-k cultural dictionary ? :)
awesome . monday is good for me .
weekend number two of - bring it on ! see you there
the other booksellers and i ruled it out as irrational . . . our best guess being that ppl would be able to print out books on demand
he is the best .
didn't get this far being stupid
take me with !
check our facebook page ! search : expression . .emotion is power . . . " to check out the offical teaser flyer ! :)
run run run run
rt : whoa . the guy who played scott pilgrim's first evil ex in the movie , satya bhabha , is homi bhabha's *son* .
great review!! ! !
brilliant as always girl ! !
thanks for the rts ! have a great evening !
come on . that doesn't happen . and shut up , he only turned to see who we were . you would have too .
is this tonight ? cause i'm finishing a bottle of soju right now lol
lets keep it going ! !
melts my heart ! u are perfection ! !
are you on tinychat with anyone
can you please tweet the audio of the news report on police officer 69 ? hilarious !
you should be able to have it
this used to be a funhouse . now it's full of evil clowns .
what's good
twitter keeps saying i already tweeted something that i didn't tweet at all .
thanks guys 4 da shout out ! we're the experts in small clothing mfg 4 mom n pop boutiques-made in america . .lives! ! !
people will be most effective working on projects they are excited about .
rt this if summer automatically makes you think of !
and every phatty has some smell or problem that comes with it !
weather is so nice today in ny , feels like summer!!wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
this is great , thank you !
do you think there have been closed-door conversations at espn about mel kiper jr.'s hair ?
every single directioner on instagram is crying their eyes out over ! what happened ?
happy mothers day to all the moms who work their butt off for raising us kids:) show your mom how greatful you are 4bring you in this world !
& i know he's smiling , saying ' don't worry about me '
that was cranky ? never would have known .
-ugghh im so bored . . !
yeah , the cartoon is funny !
may your nog be strong , your driving all done , the presents be fun , your family , a hit , with not a lick of spit . . .
we have some lovely kama toro in house tonight ! i don't expect it will last long !
i'm a lil sad tht #csimiami isn't on anymore , my favorite show , but the show tht has replaced it #nyc22 is damn good !
the girl who sits by me in chemistry is so annoying . i might strangle her if she doesn't shut the hell up .
huzzah ! finally online through cable . the comcast tech did a great job .
words i overheard " you didn't change , you just fell in love " - what y'all think ? do we change the core of who we r 4 love ? speak on it ! !
in hindsight , i guess i'm grateful for the little water pressure i had in the shower .
you and your music complete my life . i love youwordswordswords you'll never see this thoughwordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
thanks man i appreciate it , have fun in cali
you are so sweet . always looking out for me ! xxoo
- are you live streaming sxsw ?
go follow ! she will follow back ! .
what happens is not as important as how you react to what happens . ~ thaddeus golas
5 names were chosen at random , congrats to the #usainnyc contest winners :
u don't have to , just help us spread the word if u liked it . good luck w/ school ! rt : i'm a broke college . . .
dream lover- dion
does think she can push me around like that ? , can you believe this behavior ?
i don't think you understand the amount of despise and hate i have for the yankees - mr.rust
i guess when a group " friends " nt cool with one person they nt cool with u either
we are not believing anything you say today !
musicals in general may have fallen out of favor with me . i think i'm too bitter . thanks for illuminating though .
refuse to lose , refuse to be defeated , refuse to have regrets .
i think we're following a 100 new people today lol wow . need cleaning done ? call 586 663 0054 today !
there you are on cbs , rex parker . i'll see you tomorrow when i do the nyt's crossword . been seeing every sunday for years .
final pack for my final move during my final summer vacation for my final year in school . finally !
i feel bad for morgan . . her phone is exploding right now . .
love me when i least deserve it , because that's when i really need it .
it's like the austin police department hired seasonal help , they're all over the place !
today is all about the lawyer dog :)
college football is a straight up fraud
" i am of the opinion that my life belongs to the whole community and as long as i live , it is my privilege to do for it whatever i can . i w
just read up on that kony thing . that's disgusting . sometimes it's great to be informed about the world .
attn historical fiction lovers ! rt for a chance to win a signed hardcover copy of grosvenor square !
aw that's cute .
reading nyt review of nicole krauss ' book great house . .."fulgurating pain" . sharp piercing pain . noted .
suck one
let me know if yall need coverage bro
m hm got ya
wordswordswordsmother's love is peace . it need not be acquired , it need not be deserved.wordswordswords - erich fromm
#20 when you are able to help someone in need , bro don't withhold what god has placed in your hands ! #godlybrotips prov 3:27
thanks for reminding me . . .
pop quiz : contrary to popular belief bones aren't the only kind of fossils . what other kinds of fossils are there besides bones ?
rt : can you believe some teenager tried to bride the dmv to reinstate his license and also make him 21 years old .
austin libs should be giving money to moody & build dem party rather than buying hd-75 seat .
just a thank you to all my wonderful friends , family & customers for your support & business . enjoy the rain , we sure can use it .
sweet new credits this week . plus desmond !
if you keep knocking on the devil's door you better be prepared for somebody to answer .
i'll try and make it out :)
how sweet it is to be loved by you .
trying to derive an understanding of the scandal-of-the-week only from snarky tweets can be tough .
birthday countdown : 5 days :)
are you excited about bpa next year ?
" : happy mothers day! ! i hope you enjoy today and everyday after and i know you'll be<<<thank you . .i'm late .
well ttrying to get his attention is hard enough , you only get a few characters , and he never follows you when you ask :'(
and all that for free
thank you for bringing awareness to orphan diseases like ee . how about doing cystic fibrosis next ? =)
there is nothing i enjoy more than the silent treatment after a homerun .
what team is going to take the two time champ shawn cothran and friends down this wednesday at the green hills streak ?
remember when we used to make videos ?
i lost all my contacts , so i have nobody's number
this sounds terrible , but i am legitimately afraid of anorexic people .
love to our new followers ! many thanks !
no way . we could've carpooled and shared an office . that would be so cool i'm sure you'd never get annoyed of me ! !
hello zendaya fans also follow our twitter for bella thorne fans and p.s its a fanpage
hey yall . .i hope everyone has been well and blessed!:)
nothing like protesting violence with violence . .
guys , treat your girls right when you have them because you may never be able to get them back once they leave no matter how hard you try .
sketcher's launches bobs . . . knock off of tom's : same style , & mission . ..such a fine form of flattery ? lawsuit ?
anyone want to go see feist in indy april 30th ?
. received over $500k in campaign $ from the entertainment industry now she's their pipa puppet
stupid why
s/o to my new follower
we'll have programs to hand out at art in the square on september 3rd .
power naps . ..wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
awesome cameron quote : " you have to imagine the possible before you can go and do it . " think he's got an ec flag ? :-)
sip sip sippiiinnnn on that haterade
just returned from watching marathon runners at mile 18 in
when ever is back in chicago im there . everytime i see yall in concert its just an epic experience each time .
things you don't want to hear from your web host rt : fire alarm . . . i think it's only a test . we'll be right back . ^ml
after the restart up to p5 !
twitter and itsartnotstuff meet . ..you can twitter directly from itsartnotstuff admin . ..luvart . . .
i'm a reporter w/ 12 news ; are you going to tnight's mtg ? will there be a big crowd of parents there ?
my first application was . . . interesting . ;)
it's definitely a process and not an easy one .
just watched chad pin dawnie down to give her a shot . . .
every choice you make is a choice .
. ..and the synapses fire (heh) .
just came from the #beach . so tired . no heading to ma ' granny's .
hazy showed up !
finishing up presentation about object-based projects to teach information literacy .
your only young once in your entire life , after that your old , then you die , i suggest you enjoy it .
thanks you guys for 100 followers !
dm your number
don't worry , it will all be done in a week and then you can sit back and relax , maybe have a drink on the island .
my how times flies - exactly 5 yrs ago right now i had butterflies in my stomach and was about to lead my 1st ever food tour .
jeff corwin taking the stage at insights conference .
i don't know where to get it!!!! ! and i don't have a ds3d
all day err day haha
pinterest provides inspiration
bah , skating basketball
i really enjoy it when someone says " have a blessed day " rather than " have a nice day " .
started at 6 stopped at 7 . i got bored and had better things to do :o
rt : ready for friday . ready to leave marion .
forgot how much i love sunday night tourney action .
buy a meal get a meal free ! buy $20 in pizza shuttle gift certificates & get 1 sm 1-top pizza-online or in-store . 99wordswords za slices 10a-4p m-th .
if you were to ask me what i'm doing right now , i'd say " oh , just crying at work over a video of a dog saving another dog . "
do you have a great story about volunteering with smgw ? we want to hear it ! email your story to lindsay at
meat sweatin ' over here .
cos my dad will think i was texting and playing on the computer all day
today is friday is trending . can't wait for " tomorrow is saturday " to show up .
i love me some cookie wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
well i'm gettin ready now . . . were u from ?
oh . . . that must have cured you didn't it
i'm gonna go to bed someone pls wish my a good night i would love that<3
in that case i got snicker doodles
it's a pretty personal subject
we know that you love playing pick-up bball check out a bill walton affiliated company for pick-up bball in ny
#houstonevents sep 23,2011 : legends of texas featuring trio loco - a tribute to zz top : 7:00pm : house of blues houston .
it is unpleasant , loaded words . can he brush it off with his press person ? maybe not .
love your wife , kiss your wife , adore your wife , appreciate your wife ! that is the word of today !
my thanks to all the folks who came out to musicfest yesterday , it was a huge success !
seiler is not in the newsroom . i just hit reply to seiler,what twitter does with my reply is up to twitter
i love you too !
is that an official sub-brand of feminism ? because if its not , it should be .
rt wordswordswords : camera awesome - the newest best iphone app ever ? and free ! check it out .
whats ur long term nd short term goals ? where do yu see ur self in 10 years because i'm all about thee $$$
so simple , yet so true rt : you cannot live a positive life with a negative mind .
r u serious rite now
my little sister just told me that she though they were called " jewish fish" . lol
brothers soccer game !
wordswordswords#thingsisaidinthe90s " bubblegum bubblegum in a dish , how many pieces do you wish!"wordswordswords haha
ah im excited! ! haha ive wanted to do this for a while! ! and when dvd comes out we can watch it together:)
happy new year from australia kathy and anderson! ! !
aw . stop it ! you made me blush ! ;") . you and nanda are true blessings in my life as well . :d . #iloveyousomuchmore!! ! <3 <3
what an awesome an gorgeous day! ! off to a home visit after a much needed productive day at the office and then home to see my man! ! :)
i'm going up to the poconos but i am not sure what time yet . if i can get that in before leaving i will let you know .
same here , my eagles sucked this year
or i want to punch you in the face . lmfao am i right ?
#thingsstalkersdo call u from other numbers so you'll pick up
how many of you are so excited for x-mas i'm getting great presents ! can't wait !
2011 travel expenses--approx . $2k . 2011 income generated from writing--approx . $200 . mamas , don't let your babies grow up to be poets .
made ' s chocolate pudding last night and we're all hooked ! so rich and delicious . i keep sneaking spoonfuls !
haha #canthelpit it is a disease i live with everyday ! hahah
yep . .,dude you got it !
i shouldn't have shaved jfc
i feel like it's been forever since i've seen you !
yes , i ran & made it right b4 plane closes the gate . fortunately i can run , although i'm totally out of shape & out of breath ;-)
justin is my rauhl model . and no , i didn't just spell " role " wrong .
rt : gonna have a long ass day tmrw
working so early today
have you seen this video where michelle in marketing talks about and his crazy
time to really focus on baseball now .
can't wait 2 see back on my television and blaring through my radio ! oh . . . it's going 2 happen!! ! ask , believe , receive !
why they mad at me
i know imma drop a couple tears today .
babies are always acting like rich people .
is teal bunbury still in your future or immediate plans ?
i'll be on kusi ch 9 " good morning san diego " at about 7:20am this morning to talk about efforts to help small businesses in san diego .
you are my african king . . . . the boy of my dreams <3
it was fun . talk to you soon . i'll be sure and connect you with maurice when i get home tonight . have a great conference !
i wish i could work out like my momma does !
i hope everything goes as plan on friday , >_> i'm really trying to skate with ahemahem .
if you die in an elevator , be sure to push the up button .
watching talk about new source menu on foodie & the beast live at carmine's . head mixologist shares sips with the audience . yum !
rt : 3rd #mw3 care package : elite bag , tshirt , hoodie , buckle , sticker , mw3 hat , shirt , usb & signed ps3 copy . follow + rt .
i finna kick both ya asses .
no brazilian blur tonite . barbosa out w/ strained rt hamstring . bayless probable with sore left ankle . stojakovic nwt w/ swollen left knee .
mi nightmare is a 12 ' tall , crying , dressed as a baby .
heading off to set up for the san francisco history expo at the mint . see you all there !
why do we all wait until we are at our lowest point to seek godwordswordswordss help ?
wow , michigan state just looks like a lot better team than the badgers . another potential final four team for izzo ?
#gac #alanjackson #preciousmemories great substitute for church this morning . glad i dvrd it .
just finished recording vocals for 3 new practice demos ! the plan is to get these online soon with some killer photos by nick ghobashi .
nothing much
one more day of rest means you'll be even more rested for school . . . on monday . . lol jk
i can't say that i blame him .
hopefully we get a good coach . . im ready to find out
q1) metaphors quickly draw parallel from past , potentially shared experience
american here from the ne , live now in bahia mostly , but right now in montana , family stuff - where in nl ? where from in the nw ?
3-1 in #soccer today as #corinthians wins 3-0 get on the soccer list
unlv fans liked my latest college basketball article sweet . . . .
damn bro ! wtf
did i forget to mention i'm no longer on probation wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords this will be a glorious summer .
ibm enables clients and business partners to quickly embrace puresystems
you and your men be the jam ;
haha rt johnny depp was just voted the sexiest man alive by people magazine . in related news , i am still in my pajamas
#moviesthatnevergetold the parent trap
refs blew the whistle as soon as bennett went down . so even if he fumbled , the play was dead . refs got it right .
thx . i appreciate it .
that's the point lol
i'd like to hear that too , gotta place to buy it ?
who all is going to our show on saturday ? we can't wait !
gm stylist,braiders , makeup , educators , braiders , business owners and more follow hair show in miami vendors space available
where do you get your paint ? i need to start painting my place and i'm looking for ideas !
working on websites and other arty projects . this is a busy time of year ! :)
marquis gon make me go outside with him in this rain watch
whatever . i just want to be able to take you out whenever i want to .
cool stuff . thanks for sharing !
my daughters teacher jenny johnson awarded her with a gold medal in her class and a letter of recommendation .
let me into your world
i am now the proud owner of a chicago public library card !
facebook friends ! we will be removing our friend account at the end of may ! please like us on our page to stay in touch! . . .
rt : the harder you work , the harder it is to surrender - vince lombardi
you and gonna follow meh ?
the cringing when spending $150 at the bookstore for the new semester gets only marginally better in grad school .
today is the day of the woman and my birthday day,if you follow me you make me happy :) 14
we know it wasn't the celtics making those explosions ! lol
your tweets are crazy . #fartpizza ? ! your hashtags are whack .
am starting w/you 1st wk of june when i get settled into new apt . ..running on treadmill until then . ..it's on !
bernard , fox 9 will provide you the opportunity to talk directly to rep . kriesel tonight .
and when i say san diego i mean me
grateful today for too much too list
good morning all .
especially disc 2 !
hey #virginiabeach , i hope you are all ok , including pilots . prayers .
i got my permit ! :d
rt : q2 . strong workflow , strong search , integration with other technologies (dam wont be a silo for much longer)
its official
go leafs go ! like a snake waiting in the grass here come toronto ! #tsn if your dig the bruins , you are going to love my leafs next year .
off to el sap for some taco's guadalajara .
jcomm 2012 is in singapore ? huh . . . .
i'm already escaping with a good , long book , adriana trigiani's the shoemaker's wife . nice to follow/meet you .
feels like a saturday .
don't text me if you're not gonna carry on conversation .
what strategies do you use to keep all those minor characters straight ? notecards ? spreadsheets ?
also , has anyone used etsy on sale for coupons ? what if items are already reduced ? how does it work ?
: : hey , we sure could use some snappy writers around here . know anyone ? :) hope you're well !
i could be crazy but , the word " customer " bothers me . thoughts ?
take an art class together & learn something new such as pottery or glassblowing . you'll have fun & have a momento .
record store day !
u hit me up late last night . i thought something was wrong
old lady told me she was getting a mammogram today . how was your morning ?
conjunto karabali at the coda supper club 1710 mission street san francisco sun , may 15
yep the haters lov me . ..i talk shyt - but imean every word i say - i don't drop a verse i ain't lived _ from the d ' to skee i get it in $$
both teams average over 1 point/minute on offense and 61 and 64 possessions per 40 minutes . talk about little to no value in that under . .
has been raptured . jesus looks and sounds like amy ray .
yeah true we have our sides
family is from county kerry
ryan braun is first player to ever hit three homers at petco park . he is also first player since 1975 to hit three home runs and a triple .
i've seen the ' inglorious basterds ' and i loved it . ..tarantino is nuts . ..i love him :=)
going to be a great crowd at madrigall tonight ! salsa music and dancing by dj howard ! 1627 oak , kcmo a few blocks south of power & light
" why do i have a q-tip in my pants ? "
teacher:you're a half hour late to class me : lol
greek festival timee!! ! !
ugh another pub crawl . .and santa themed . ..this is going to get interesting . . .
thanks bro !
wanna get high ? great , lets climb to top of empire state building
she doesnt even care that she's seeing me ;p
no problem !
never leave your girl by herself ! she's not a good friend .
i'd make a lousy paparazzo . saw a new r8 gt with 2 blonde girls in it . thought the driver was smg . realized later it was lady gaga . oops .
no , it'll make me feel bad about my 4s . asjdklf . ;p
haha yeah bro . it's kinda stupid . u ready for football ?
life experiences are a trip !
ohio st . real joke .
how do you truly repay for damage from the gulf spill ? among numerous problems , as a brand , bp is in very deep trouble .
thanks for the follow ! we'll definitely be keeping an eye out for great travel tips . . .
x factor , here we go melanie , bring it as you only know . .
i followed( :
if you're hoping for better results this year , you'll have to change your approach .
repubs are down in the polls b/c their tax favoritism has been exposed . how else could the prez be doing so well with this economy ?
i need someone to talk to
and i dont wanna waste time . .<3
our trip through pa was just for our cats :)
oh : " how many times do i have to tell pandora ' thumbs down ' to flo rida songs ? geez! "
is hiring !
without my phone i'd die
killed it on the evolution series tonight . nathan davis ' piece for ring modulated crotales and clarinet + cell phones ftw
yeah true that !
i wish that twitter had a like feature !
oh cool
>implying you even cared about ghost recon .
hey nice video ! you know you can add text to the screen via youtube editor . good for putting up phone numbers and web addresses .
omg really what did u guys talk about
where's it gonna be ? hgh ?
thanks , madame leader . you illuminated the issues . we need your voice more than ever .
chris dede #eli2012 current model is to " sprinkle frosting of active learning on a cake of presentational learning "
watching #mfc online , wish i could be there !
wait . why is in a celebrity rivalry with chevy chase ? ! ! !
they had that on a loop in all nyc cabs this week . great clip .
too many errors to report . check the forum posts by alex . we hold you guys to a much higher standard . thanks again for listening .
really wish i could go see play at amped tonight . :(
having such a hard time getting into mirror traffic . it keeps reminding me i'm turning 37 . thanks malkmus . here's another go .
you will be able to view a pre-site and purchase the first designs saturday december 10 . ..link will come in the morning .
looks like i'll be raiding my freezer for dinner . what mysterious concoction will be created this evening ?
question : why did the band members allow the turkey to join ? answer : because he had drumsticks ! lol ! my turkey day humor!! ! !
sadly , i don't think i'm dedicated enough to distinguish between the teacups !
quality > quantity
following on instagram ? be apart of our scope , tag your previous scope art show photos #scopeartshow & connect !
i wanted to thank you for what you said on my behalf on anderson cooper . i deeply appreciate it . craig schelske
when are we going to acknowledge that all we do is complain ! obama is absolutely right !
finally out of the car and chillin in joplin !
insanity in individuals is something rare ; but in groups , parties , nations , and epochs it is the rule .
hello glen , how are you ?
q6 : it's demoralizing to get passed , but i'm already going as fast as i can . incentive to train harder .
ah , it must be #followalibrarian friday . is there a #followanarchivist day ? or are those all friday related ? oh , twitter--you so deep .
just left the press conference for the at ! lots of great changes for this year's race . exciting !
breaking bad . catching up . . . . slowly .
glad has a new book . the other normals takes on d&d #harperfallpreview out in oct but i have an arc
congrats to maggie on becoming an member of the labyrinththeatrecompany ! amazing news for the entire nyc theatre community !
he's been in locker room with kansas team throughout tourney . hard to turn backs on them now , due to unc matchup
web tv is coming and it is time to jump on board with these 2 great pioneers
any ideas on what you think google is launching in the biz world ?
all i have to say is never trust a big butt and a smile .
i would never let anyone else call me that . lori .
i can't go over how adorable my background is , ok . i'm sorry .
i'm cravin some of fye hot lemon pepper wings!! ! guess ill have to wait until next saturday a l.a.x nightclub
just finished the final season of the wonder years on netflix . my life is better from watching that show .
agreed rt : very happy to see a social platform being used again this year at
mall later:d gonna be rockin my vlados !
90's were the years of the locked door parties . ah , good times . . .
i'm so excited so many people are talking about the show on twitter . it's making me blush a bit
signs that things aren't going well - father o'neil's christmas sermon consists solely of stolen tweets .
second , you might not be so dismissive if you had heard piece we heard today .
of course . ..the dirtier the better .
just got back in . excuse me while i severely rape this chipotle .
lol dude if they ever make a game with team deathmatch on horses it's automatically the best game ever invented . period .
single by choice , not by chance .
wordswordswords : #ifonlyicould tell you how i feel about you <3.wordswordswords ah . yes . . . wordswordswords
my coworkers are making fun of me . . . ..:(
no i'm a boss .
lol you're dumb
go get that w tonight go spartans my boys! ! !
it ain't krav is someone doesn't get kicked in the nuts (according to my krav teacher) .
it bugs me how people think they're a mahomie just because they think austin is cute . no . go away .
i've tied everything to fix my remote . no dice .
very un philly like area in philly . feels odd , but nice
i am doing a video interview bill burr tomorrow for back of the room with matthew gill . any questions you'd like me to ask ?
lol family guy wheat thin commercial was good b-)
i'll be thinking of u as u run that river tmrw ! thx for all the motivation ! save me a beer after , lol ! enjoy the ride !
and there goes my good mood -.- thanks mom ! !
lamar needs to play better ball or either quit the show or basketball . he obviously can't do both !
most don't use them very often (they're for making a sharp fold in paper) & i think some/most are actually plastic anyhow
clips for a cause!sunjune5th 10-4,free haircuts,makeup consults,refreshments,raffle prizes pre-book now256-3490great time for a great cause
yes ma'am . . . i'm very excited!! ! rt omgg are you coming for sures now ! ? ! ? :)))
yes we will ;)
ahh sorry i didnt reply , didnt get a notification ! -.- but ah right how come you see it in boston and not in lincoln ? :o x
love this sunday - a celebration of the miracle of christ , that the soul springs eternal and the birth of higher consciousness for mankind !
sen ayotte , are you trying to sell yourself for vp ? palin w/ a brain ? you still buy into romney/gop/ryan stuff . move on . mtp
thanks to all of y'all on #ff . welcome ! :)
nothing lasts forever
confession : every 2 weeks when i get a pay stub , nsync's " just got paid " immediately & reflexively plays in my head . i can't control it .
flying out of o'hare in a few minutes , land in ft . lauderdale at 9:45 :)
if you don't already receive my free monthly #acting & #modeling tips , sign up here and you will be sent a special bonus: . . .
giiirrrrllll . how are you beautiful ? ( : long time no talk :c
gah ! i have to go to the real conference but we really should un . . .
<~ specializing in websites that are custom fit to meet or exceed your specific wants and needs !
sim , e do twitter tbm hahaha
the weekly defense industry roundup is out !
have the #petfood recalls of late caused you to rethink how you feed your pets or were you already careful about choosing the best foods ?
thanks for the follow ! :d and yeah . . nothing else but watermelon :)
new socks make a day 100% better . if i had a lot of money i would wear a new pair of socks and a new pair of underwear every day .
so so so exhausted but looks like i'm heading to a barbecue ! sure i'll wake up when i smell the food .
rt : this is valuable ssr time
aw thanks ! i am sad though , tickets were gone right at 10am :(
listening to levels before our auctions is gettin us fired up ! =)
i'm the star of the show and u an extra and we don't need anything extra from the extras . lol
had our holiday party in cleveland this year . employees of and came up .
ugh thia is pissing me off
i just bought your cover of pumped up kicks on itunes( :
our state deserves to lose tourist $$ for amending the constitution in the name of #bigotry and
getting ready for ! ready for a great 24th year !
i miss you turds
i only bat my eye lashes at guys when i want a drink and i'm on a plane .
good morning tweetville :)
thanks for the note but we did not identify the suspect arrested for alleged adw on #lapd officer as part of ola in any posts .
floor-licking related poisoning or transient global amnesia ? which would you prefer ?
check out this man named lindsey williams . the plan for the dollar . by 2011 our dollar will hold no weight in the world . people that no . . .
i'm happy to announce that ex libris is officially launched ! contact me at for more info :)
wordswordswords : did you know , the word " bride " actually used to mean " cook " ? wordswordswords
you should pay attention to people when they're mad , that's when the truth comes out .
rockets>studying lol
" oh,you kiss 50 cent with that mouth ? " puppet dog .
(cough cough) it didn't work this time (/ahem)
i offended myself tonight . i will no longer be doing tourette syndrome material . i'm taking on a less touchy subject . ..politics .
it wouldn't be so bad if f(5) spent some time together when they aren't promoting . at least pretended that they actually like one another .
good luck ! i tried that 6 mos challenge . after awhile it felt like a 2nd job .
really need to stop thinking of interesting ideas for hypothetical presentations when i go to bed it gets my mind racing . now i can't sleep
books and flowers ! roman philosopher , cicero , was just so dead on : " if you have a garden and a library you have everything you need . "
/// finished a beat.wordswordswords
who loves vincent castronovo ? i know i do ! :d
tuesday : is closed but there's a truck meetup on adams .
lol sometimes my life is like a movie . the quirky , ironic moments are what i love :)
bk breakfast on the way :)
this hologram bizness = fake deaths or framings . not a good look .
i don't have many friends these days . however , the ones i do have , aren't losers .
i can't believe i hung out with christian for like 8 hours and only got one bloody photo with him . . . that makes me mad wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
thanks for the fallow
adam lamberts performance on mtv ema's with queen was awesome! ! !
yikes ! i better step it up ! haha wordpress training here i come .
with googling what circumcised means lmfao
what are you clowns doing in my state ?
we are excited about our next year's corps!!! ! they have a tough act to follow because this year's corps is simply amazing!! ! !
average size of a corporate social media team is 11 says
what if a penguin ate a whale . ..wait that's not right xd
massive crowds on the santa monica promenade today
anna , i've been trying to send you a message but i'm doing something wrong ? didn't want you to think i'm rude .
i am going to see my cousins house yeee
just said " no . " i'm still reeling . . .
jered weaver tosses the 2nd no-hitter of the 2012 season . too bad the halos still suck
i guess there's a reason why " touch screen operator " isn't listed among telep's resume .
my mom said that had skills on the rap game . :-)
thanks ! oh i wish i had the force !
thank you for the follow . it is a gift to me to have inspired or " paved" . kick'n down doors !
i'm definitely interested , but has been under the weather the past couple days so i think we're going to play it by ear .
" why fit in when you were born to stand out ? "
you're the one who makes me smile .
gossip (noun) : a person who will never tell a lie if the truth will do more damage .
and you i suppose
dude im so sorry about waht happened just a stupid accident im gonna bring you something to school . #whendoyoucomeback ?
search lecrae " church clothes " on youtube . . . . crazy stuff ! !
need website building software . using godaddy but don't want to use their templates . suggestions ?
following you back right now ! sorry for the wait <3
so happy for the company where you will be working . lucky company . congrats to both of you .
. ..but i could possibly take time off with my swanky " no keeping score " vacation policy . and my apt welcomes scruffy boys .
omg . #putdownthetoiletseat . its not that hard .
okay . . . time to have fun . . .
i think it had somethin to do with the great bambino
ready to learn all about bookmaking ! a nice crafty break from all the recent writing and research .
yeah , i'm trying to see what they are talking about for the summer . i'm going to try to slide through there tomorrow .
it's simple really , just say yes . :)
i said youre!! ! that counts as one . whatever i deleted it
agreed ! rt : rt : if you dont support the local arts there wont be any
not that i'm against cleanliness . . . .but ur " that guy, " huh ?
watching seether , shaun is like kurt cobain reincarnated . everything about him is kurt .
it also kicks tarts your labor if you have enough in one sitting . lol
what it is ? presh8 the shout out . . . .
on the way to plaza bonita #rackopening ! pre-opening tweetup , let's go media socialites .
" there is no marketing cure for sucking . "
after sending a risky text , one minute seems like an eternity .
i need new cleats
shrimp steak liquor and paassstaaaa .
haha would you mind telling my fb friends that ? the seem to think otherwise lol
everyday is sunday around here ! except we wake up late , thereby being crappy not-believing-in-stuffers .
isn't it a little early for bourbon ?
love seeing my family at the tanning bed
listening to and then he tweets . . . ..weird :o
cantor can't get anything done because of his attitude . if this persist he will hurt both himself & the gop politically! ! !
tonight @ nola's . ..we have sweet baby j'ai from 7pm-10pm , the after work cool down . 734 e . 3rd st . , downtown , los angeles , 90013
full tummy . . . check . 3 hour nappy . . . check . enjoying this beautiful weather at the park . . . check .
guessing this fri will be the biggest presser and will have dealt with in maryvale ! best of luck , #gobrewers ! ! !
do you remember back when we fell in love in your best friends basement ?
ladyfriends : anyone know a nail polish brand with colors as awesome as american apparel & urban outfitters , but better quality ?
some of you even didn't went to school & didn't go home . please guys . . . your healthiness is the most important <3 thank you so much . xoxo .
2 auditions today - to god be the glory ! !
by the by , edwin maysonet hitting a grand slam is why ron roenicke doesn't like to intentionally walk anyone .
the over is 8-0 in the last 8 meetings between the pacers and thunder in indiana
hope you are feeling better , amit ji ! coke studio is rocking ! you should see/listen to jugni ji . what an awesome composition ! :)
#vegan chipotle tomato and red pepper soup today !
reading ' s 4000+ word blog post about jury duty , while awesome , continues my internal conflict with blogs and unpaid labor .
you rock ms.producer ! world watch out , she means business .
#jackjablonski friends organize pond hockey tournament next weekend . expect it to be one of the most moving tributes .
awesome ! btw , if you have a chance , would you mind giving us a review in the android marketplace ? would be hugely appreciated ! :)
awww man . :'( rip dick clark . new year's rockin ' eve won't be the same without you .
awww . ..who left you ? you're bf ?
it had me tweet that because i unlocked stuff
thanks . lol i like the little running guys . :)
pecos skate was great !
#maddencoverwinner the five best cover stars are eli eli eli eli dylon
i might be mr . right
there's a grown man in an iron man mask at the avengers showing . okay , maybe grown is the wrong adjective . i luv comic book geeks !
there is an itch/urge to be apart of something much larger .
glad to hear life is treating you well ! cheers !
ok ok i'm breaking up with you suave , i need to get back with dove . . . you have done nothing but make my hair stand up . the end
i'll take care of it brother ( or sister) if this is sue;)
police moving to higher ground
#nowplaying about you now - miranda cosgrove
- thanks for the shout out ! we are excited to be opening our tt up to the public !
woohoo ! we can't wait to celebrate #volunteer heroes ! thanks for the shout out .
another lonely night on dolphin island
possible drinks later ? keep you posted . i haz your number now .
just when i was about to slip into the doldrums , fight club comes on . 2morrow night , ill be in a red ress . but tonight its just me & my pj's
a5) one key , i think , is to introduce them to other #gifted folks of various ages , alive & historical
playing quelf with the family!! ! lmaooo best game ever!!! ! ughh i love my family <3
what do you want to do about this annoying rangers fan living in our house ?
you like ? ! that's great ! rt : this #smokehousebbqchickensub from subway . . .
welcome coach golden to the um family !
the only picture of mine online has disappeared ! i only have cell phone shots now . ..it's hiding up in ny . this will help haha
wonderful mackerel recipe from shiro kashiba up on today . we love how this can so easily find a place at the hanukkah table !
camp ramapo is a wonderful camp . . . .you'll love it !
you're doing my presentation for me ! note that we left brochures about collaboratory on table in dh room .
i have no doubts that plenty of dems simply didn't care who the nominee is and are more concerned with the general election
twitter friends . ..please disregard latest tweet from thursday morning . ..i've been hacked . ..please delete immediately . ..thanks! ! !
on the plane .
i hate being one of many . . . .
eff you wind . you ruined my super moon viewing . :/
bulldogs convert late in the pp . leblanc ties it at 2 for the
you talking about ?
yes sir we sure do !
if you donwordswordswordst know where you are going , youwordswordswordsll end up someplace else . wordswordswordsyogi berra plan to make your day a success !
looking forward to cindy selfe tomorrow at
" less rancid than his last " you needn't be so generous jc ! now i'm *really* excited to see paris .
new stuff coming soon ! please check out the website and webshop ! the first promotion contest will be announced soon ! so free stuff for you !
big krit country folk
i am going to be your personal stylist !
this is takin all day
freeze dried fruit is my crack . . . . . .love it
" music by gwordswordsorgy ligeti " projected over the dj
i agree . ..there's nothing wrong w/finding someone attractive . acting on that attraction is the problem .
you know how much longer its going to be on
dear , anna you seem really nice and you look really pretty in your icon . tweet me whenever
i didn't want to inquire about dale's special hand , uh , endowment .
i feel like god really has it to say that gaps are a way we are disjointed and incomplete . i sense he's interested in putting filler in them
thank you
waffle fries are the perfect vehicle for your favorite dipping sauce . which sauce do you take for a ride ?
looking forward to the performance tonight !
just released their new camera #d4 . . . yeah too bad its still a nikon
haha ! mad love the mavs too . live and die w the metroplex squads but this is not how we approach homie .
sounds like : manifold/manyfold . the mani-version means " having many forms " and the many-version means " by many increments . "
#howlive #nkotb double rainbow across the sky . winning .
i am highly annoyed , in orange county they are more tolerant than in
gshl 2a golf : mark morris 220 , r.a . long 293 . mmwordswordswordss megan schulz medal round of 46 .
got one of those recently , too-- i hope it's not a trend
ugh just got the biggest scare of my liffee ! !
the bulls get back to raising the trophy this year .
hi do you want to come to our library ?
just wanting to say happy birthday to my little sister kamyryn love you!wordswordswords
help not enough juice for my laptop is this how superman felt lol got ta be sill sometimes okay back to adult hood
#oscars focus group = truth
amazing thanks for asking ! how about your's ? !
football is back ! what a great season opener !
looking forward to seeing it !
due to the story , i almost want to watch it xd
i would have settled for a sac fly !
" success doesn't come to you . you go to it . " - marva collins
for health information exchanges . rt : oh - great quote : " information flows at the speed of trust "
do u have any tattoos ?
i'm gonna keep my eyes peeled . looks horrific / awesome . thanks !
i have found that among its other benefits , giving liberates the soul of the giver ~ maya angelou rt
if 3 people having sex is a threesome , and 2 people at it is a twosome , why is handsome still a compliment ?
got myself caught in a fairytale & what is realwordswordswords
i really do hate driving
realized was pretty mean in this season . but she wanted it so . . .
yeah don't , life's too short .
brilliant ariel , ! :)
ready to get
ready to head back home
my man , what course do you typically play ? we wanna design it for you as payment for your feedback
itwordswordswordss not about thinking outside of the box . itwordswordswordss about realizing there is no box .
haha sorry bro
rt : mark your calendars now . . . the next #mkemvc meeting will be on 5/19 (a wednesday) at 6:00pm topic will be " better mvc with ioc "
s/o to my new follower
you're awesome . -cv
say goodbye to jersey , and hello to brooklyn
have you done recaps for the other episodes like does . maybe you two should do a duet together .
i can't read the " saggy baggy elephant " to my son without thinking of " trublood "
it's facinating that serial killers seem so normal , it's scary . u never know what kind of deep , dark secrets people are hiding in their head
amen sista ! words of wisdom !
i'm not as strong ad peoples think . everytime i close my eyes i think of u papa and makes my tears never ending . y did u have to leave us . .
how yu gnna go get a gift fer yer motherinlaw , & not yer birth mother ? its okay mama i love yu ! <3
oh my . . . . . .it should be here by now :(
chomsky : " if the bush administration didnwordswordswordst like somebody , theywordswordswordsd kidnap them and send them to torture chambers . " [1/2]
so from watching sportscenter it seem like lakers should of won .
lets drink and listen to brand new .
will that hold a lot of hd ?
one security guard is back . . . still nervous .
thanks liz wendling for the " like" ! ;)
he's on 5 commercials rest .
if your occupation is in sales . . .
it's so beautiful outside ! i think i'll stay inside and tweet about it .
a real bad boy doesn't combine math and romance .
billy bud lite
let's hope !
oh no ! took a massive hit ! hope he is okay !
dm me if you want to co-own .
lol . girl i walked in slow bcuz my neck was hurting .
happy easter to all our likes , follows , friends and family ! we appreciate your love and support !
you'll make a lot of dimes . ..and we're just getting started . hold on tight it's a bumpy ride . lol
happy st . patrick's day everyone !
you could make " fetch " happen .
i got told twice today that i was " glowing" . ..so , basically , i guess i had an oily , sweaty face all day .
#itgetsmemadwhen people repeatedly ask what's wrong and i'm just relaxed . i would probably talk about it if something was wrong . lol
hi {{{}}} nice font design in your tweet ! :) yes , love/hate social networking indeed ! !
rip dick clark :-( a true legend
didn't she steal the fabled " cocain tapes ? " which better be the title of your next novel .
ready to lose 20lbs in the next 20 days ? www.lasvegashcg.com also like us on facebook www.facebook.com/lvhcg
60 minutes of national & local news & 20 minutes of which were commercials . ..switching to movies on dvd !
fudge backwards is egduf .
why you cryin ?
#chucknorris jokes never get old . my boys keep me in a fresh supply .
my best friend doesn't deserve any of this . you deserve nothing but happiness and i'm sorry this is happening . love you.wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
thought the same thing when i heard that story on npr about the new french president's swearing-in
just spilled some pickle juice on my crotch . but luckily i changed boxers quickly before my d**k turned into a p**kle . (a d**kle.)
i have da best husband n da world even tho he never kums home
your face makes me uncomfortable .
we can't ignore the vitalness of self-control and self-discipline .
when you go to texas , i recommend the music vault on veterans memorial in harker heights . my boys downsiid own it !
sometimes i really hate you . . .
wordswordswords my daddy side of the folks are funny!wordswordswords
what's your passion ?
you can sign up in either bakehouse! ! it's easy and free !
lol that's pretty funny .
now we ain't pushing no foreign wipes , no amg's . we coming to you in a bucket like kfc .
aww that sucks luv ! what did u do ?
you guys are gonna love the
new goal in life , now that jim bob and i have both moved to kc , i need to become his wingman . someone find me a facebook page or a phone #
- i shouldnt be sleeping alone tonight . . but whatever .
wordswordswords : no matter how much cash i sit with , still gotta ask the lord for forgiveness.wordswordswords
a new year's eve celebration in #gray #maine ? who knew ? reggae band brand new mixture 9pm @ white's cue connection , 19 portland rd . 657-2266
how would you describe an experience for a fan at a fcw show ?
ida needs volunteer videographer to shoot our events . email for more info .
lol i didn't think washington had very many iconiacz . i was wrong .
go on fb
to succeed in life and take every opportunity , don't ask why ? ask why not ? ! p.s send you a poems twitter to email ok
omg poor puck & coach beiste :(
actually , the first time it was 2-0 .
are the arctic temperatures in the library supposed to stimulate learning ? #frozen someone bring me a parka !
u want a trip ? i can get with and suggest guntown .
just finished eatting dinner . sucking down a chocolate frappe . yum a dumb dumb
i am so thankful for my church ! !
i love you with all my heart <33 . .
-- north korean president kim jong il has pardoned two u.s . journalists , state-run news agency kcna said tuesday .
today marks my 1-month anniversary of employment . so far so good ! people are awesome and the work content is interesting .
hybridan&#39;s small cap wrap
ipads in the classroom : apple takes aim at the textbook market
i might have thrown no limit elbows while listening to a$ap rocky . if you were driving by my office and saw , i'm not sorry .
totally rocked out cosmic charlies , we hope you enjoyed it and hope to do it again soon !
almost time for school dismissal :) then one more day! ! !
how do i get your fan mail address ? <3 22
now thatwordswordswordss harmony ! beach boys : fabulous !
jon ippolito : scripts are adaptable - projects that are scripted rather than fixed can , e.g . , adapt to screen size
does #reallysimplestatistics take requests ? any wise words about multicollinearity ?
laugh like niall
so , authors : ever feel burnt out on talking/writing about the subject of your book & it's not even published yet ? i'm asking for a friend .
i have!! ! awesome book . epic .
digital history has made me sign up for a twitter account . ..lets see how this goes .
american idol : my top five finals is deandre , colton , jessica , joshua , phillip . & then i want jessica sanchez to win ! !
this is gold
eating a banana , i walked by someone else eating a banana . we both raised our bananas as if to say cheers .
up go to my profile and look at my pics
i kissed a girl and i liked it . . the taste of her cherry chapstick . . lol gotta love katy perry ( :
jas , i love you , but please don't talk smack about the oxford comma , or i will be forced to defend its honor .
chinese/viet new years tomorrow ! year of the dragon !
very nice !
please welcome mjordan23_45 to the max life
precisely . o2 would make it a problem:-)
heads to winning schools for oprah-style award reception . uses content in #socialmedia during " off season . "
thank the sweet lord above it's a beautiful warm day on the avenue , come to the b and enjoy a burger and a shake on our porch !
hello february . you and i have some bad blood in our past .
10,947 @ rose garden . sell out !
congrats to the 11 . good afternoon and evening .
how to use vinegar and borax in the laundry via
wordswords me either tiffwordswords
nice dude ! great stuff . i started doing it regularly just about 3 weeks ago . have you seen their new html + css ones ?
being committed is being there all the time . significant other can't be there all time whether it's physical or emotional
quote : " the greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes . " winston churchill
go to sleep , eryn . just go . to . sleep .
no matter how you feel,there's always gonna be something that makes you smile #tss :)
yay ! i got my warped your tickets ! :')
family's in town so excited
and so the marathon called comps study begins . . .
aye . my fav . song you is headlines ! follow me [=
had delicious frozenwaffle frenchtoast for breakfast = yum !
what you waiting for
stay humble . . . . be gracious
hey everyone ! sorry that i haven't been on ! ! i got grounded . fail , right ?
whenever you are baby
what a relief that my identity & freedom is in christ . . not in relationships , my job or dashed dreams . christ is so worth it . . .
we'll always have netflix ! (i know . ..it's not the same.)
had a sweet isd draft game last night that hinged on a turn 3 chump block . magic is really tough .
happy monday to u too ! hope u have a fantastic day :)
< next time babe
good afternoon ! happy sunday !
" thats the time that all the ratchet people come out! "
he would start fights with one comment in 6 gr
tomorrow i get my general exam on info during disasters ; y is it also a day of protest on the internet & a snow storm in seattle ?
suffering the longest tech ever . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . counting the minutes until it is 11pm
it's all about the
haha at least ! !
in comparison to the sun is nothin ' :) you pickin ' up what im puttin ' down my sista ? lol (70 black mans voice) lol
i hate all three #stall brothers and their respective teams .
i just checked in on touchtunes at south park abbey's juke box . . . .
i want cake batter icecream ) :
all the freaks in the house . . . rt ! !
we are so excited to host your bloggers group !
' the whole world is watching us ' -jose manuel barroso , european commission president . #eurodebt meeting
our feb is real busy - i will be here every weekend working . & we have 3 events for the next 2 weeks in january . how is everything at rupp ?
thanks for the rt wendy - i hope the week has been fantastic for you .
it's happening now! ! or maybe tom ?
hey i see you <3
i hate sugar . . . #headache . ..#grumpy it was gf pizza crust!! ! !
say hello to my little friend ! then i pull out a pen with a naked woman on it . yes , if you tip it up her clothes come back on . a sad ending .
back in night town in cleveland-one of my most favorites and they've got brand new piano
mixed greens i watched get picked in lancaster today with the team . can't wait for lunch tomorrow !
thanks for watching our show - the grannies !
i know how to play the game . . lol ! . . .
follow - #airhollywood's new initiative launching in may !
burnt-out cfls do not smell good .
having a brief affair with a katydid while the bf is out with his new mfa-ers . hoping for some stridulation .
fantastic , thanks !
thanks i'm pretty excited!:)
sfsob live in san francisco . tuesday nights 10-2am @ infusion lounge on 124 ellis st . i'll be one of your bartenders . come and party
a girl will run her mouth , only out of spite
sounds like fun !
yeah milkshake either way , as long as there is an audition involved .
nice , sounds like a good night !
i just wanna dance here all night long
who is it ?
are you in hibernation ? !
heading to trax for drag nation!! ! love u
you should tweet more! . . . ..or eat more chicken ! !
a tired and groggy morning . amazing how the weather matches my mood . it was a red morning . good thing i am not a sailer .
had a bonfire last night with my favorite people . <3 can't wait for the next one .
cfimitym = cash flow is more important than your mother
sad bums>
no worries about location . belltown folks know how to hail a cab . we'll keep an eye out for a gig that works and check it out .
i get so distracted , so fast .
wordswordswords : . ..what you think of me is none of my business . ..<<<<<love it ! my bro taught me to say that!;-)
wonder what designers sachin + babi cook for dinner . well tune into this week and watch sachin cook with martha !
i just punched myself in my own mouth while pulling staples out of a canvas .
taylor says i'm reem . :)
thanks for the follow.i'll follow back . (7 words right ? )
double date brunch with at the publican
need a stocking stuffer ? how about some smokin good bbq ? what says happy like a belly full of amazing food ?
i loved every minute of it
where do students learn information literacy ?
maybe beckett should go back in the dugout and eat chicken and drink beer .
thanks for having your back episodes online . i enjoy kicking back with them in the evening
amen to that :) personally , i think the church needs to reach out more to the lost .
you did so great !
gotta go too but thanks so much - this has given me the motivation to take the next step by registering for
the library is at the welcome week event , today and tomorrow 3:30-5:30pm , ltb 1104-05 . come talk to us , we have candy :)
what did you have for breakfast ?
the pickles were good .
enkg . . . l2 simply amazing!! ! slap the ask and were off to dollarland! ! !
#rememberwhen u would try to stay up all night for xmas
getting ready for the blonds spring 2012 show .
i can show you one but just not here it's kinda creepy xd
your out of town guests were drew and jess dude , we have names . lol . . . .hit me up about fantasy dude , so glad we saw you
greinke with another killer outing for the #brewers . look out nl , he's getting cranked up .
wordswords #librawordswordss are loyalty , caring , devoted , sociable , cooperative , and indecisive lolwordswords
whats good bro ?
excited to be here . ready to learn and be inspired .
how did people 20 years ago live without knowing , to the minute , when a storm was going to hit their street ? crazy .
momentum shift ! let's go #yankees! ! !
omg yess that u are very super correct ! !
so proud of all my kids and what they want to see happen this summer ! miss yall .
i believe that spirit is all . of course it is for you ! hugs1
are you ever gonna skype again ?
looks like a great resource . can't wait to check it out more when i get back home after
not at the present moment but the sidekick is always ready lol
none . underage

~perhaps~ attitude is everything!! ! ~daretobedifferent~
blogworld and partner to offer airport shuttle service to attendees ! bit.ly/qbey9w
no did she tell u to
how is the pup ?
i like the hruska's kolaches . cheese and poppyseed danishes are also a must !
nice to meet you at the rally today . keep fighting !
tamale lady , we miss you ! it's killin ' us ! where have you relocated to ?
rt meeting at stt legislation building this wed 10am regarding electricity costs .
will do . how was your cinco de mayo ?
#defendwikileaks join operation payback at www.anonops.net
let me know when you get some hot music !
jealous much
#nowplaying : over my dead body- drake c :
very , very grateful gets my food-crush on !
you and me both !
:)i'm in a good mood lol juss going fed on this hoe
now its working . ok does that do the trick for you ? haha
thank you . you know how we love your cookie voice .
#schoolmemories metting a lot of fake people .
i will have to check that out
i thought my work on prometheus was finished , but nope ! hooray for international trailers !
that we should be so lucky
dinner with the athens family . happy .
it's definently one of top ten worst feelings ever haha .
i'm not laying on this bed depressed i need to go outside !
when y'all coming to ny ?
#ithinkyoushouldtextmebecauseilikeyouandiwanttotalktoyouobviously i am thinking of somebody specific right now .
goin to the doctors for my back tomorrow . . . .
start school on monday . i wish a celeb wuld come to my school n baltimore and performed , signed autographs , or even both! ! :)
hey love
no phone serivce ? i will prob keep the updates low today but we should text
hah , excellent point :)
great to hear from others that share passion for online -thank you !
that's just what i heard . ..but , i would look at a 48 and a 24 year old a little strange . i'd pat the guy on the back , but not much future .
when you are so down , and feel there is nothing left , it is time to just let go , and let god take on the rest .
i don't have a kindle , but i'm pretty sure i've seen twitter posts directly from kindles too . . .
i . need . that .
great times at xs last night . happy to celebrate ur bday with u !
gonna come down to hawaii again ? gonna have a small meet n greet again too ?
are all of the pics you post through instagram taken with your iphone ?
very glad to hear ! what did you have ? rt : : always . food outstanding ! service outstanding !
doesn't change the fact that i've found my soulmate . <3
chasing cats is fun . i live with two- a brother and a sister and they like to play along . it's one way to get exercise! ! !
#ff all of our actors . they have a lot more to talk about besides unleashed !
i will call it a woefully inadequite portrait of geny . to say the least she is the greatest thing that ever happened to me in my life
my lovely and quite funny wife is on the twitter . follow her , seriously .
wordswordswords money is dwordswords root of evil i guess i'm da devil denwordswordswords
california ranked last in chief executive magazines list of states best for business~ does it surprise anyone that the state is broke ?
would you change for the one you love ?
wordswordswords : what to do with an empty house . . . ? wordswordswords practice your strike three call haha !
what's your instagram ?
rt #eatlocalhi challenge : take a field trip to a farmerswordswordswords market for a scavenger hunt . many are within walking distance of schools .
oh snap
what'd you drink ?
good luck #abudhabitr competitors!!! ! : t-minus 3 hours until the elite start here in abu dhabi !
i need to setup time to speak with
what do you do ? " : sponsor me ? lol "
i can read these u know!! ! #whydontujusttagmeinthem!!!! ! !
listening to melody gardot , " who will comfort me"--great jazz beat! ! got it free on one of those starbuck's cards . vsb
malcolm floyd 43 yard touchdown!! ! !
going out for dinner hope my pups will be okay .
they cancelled lie to me ? :(
i feel like a black guy at a country music concert .
its ashamed that i can put my own freon in my car , i'm very talented , dnt need a man 2 do it , cause i can do it,yay mek,lol!! ! !
<<<<<< his chick bhad his chick hood his chick bouta to get t'f booked! ! !
how do you feel about the fact that libraries won't be able to lend an e-book version of
call my mom when u wake up cuz even if u don't go to mass u can come c the hall . ..if u want
thanks for leaving behind some brownie ! !
three 100 yard rushers .
good point - the tl in my study really tried to give up everything not related to learning . not so in every case .
checks such as . . . what ?
mt : so . . . like a gingrich marriage ? rt gingrich : gay marriage is a " temporary aberration that will dissipate "
if you don't know me . .here's a opportunity to get to know me .
yay ! the last of my bike shipments is scheduled to arrive today ! i should have it up and running in the next couple of days ! (pics to come)
i knowww just looking up the stuff made me want to pull my hair out . i dread it so bad ='[
intense morning ! gave a 4-hour session on cqrs , event sourcing , rabbitmq , riak & erlang pattern matching . went well , but now i need a nap .
i always seem to get sick during the uat phase of a major project .
no amount of skilful invention can replace the essential element of imagination . -edward hopper
west side ! nyc is so messed up today ! i'm going to be so late !
at olive garden with the most amazing birthday girl ever !
happy birthday ! follow ?
you look just like her !
dang , i hate school !
looks nice and beachy . :)
oh nice . what guns are you going to be shooting ?
the best agent ever ! !
i thought he was black this whole time lol
ok . that's what's up ! which part of new york ? im from bronx,ny . but i stay in florida . i'm coming to new york this weekendwordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
watch out minneapolis . . . we are coming your way in december ! joel found a house for us to rent today
thanks for the rt !
family dollar you will be my bestfriend as i come in desperate need of some hardcore cleaning supplies ! !
happy new year to everyone .
my dude , go follow
i threw together a little thing to show off tomorrow night . i'm calling it , " y u no use accelerate , foo ? " . . ..that's the working title .
quantifying marketing effort results is key ! feeling like something is working isn't really a good way to do business .
those who will not hear it from the horse's mouth are content with being the horse's ass !
#detroit i'll run thur it all if da price i$ right
follow me as i will be sharing short extracts from my manuscript (if the souls of my shoes could speak)a book ?
today is hospitality monday! ! also 50cent wings all day and night long . .
binay meets with top eu execs in seoul
follow back bro . #bigfan !
come to hillel for a cookie and to ask !
substitution , mexico . maza replaces rafael marquez .
thanks to all of yesterday's iseminar participants ! if you have questions about help desk or campuscoud , please email
amazing to learn that only 3 of google's management team use google+ . no wonder it's failing
" each difficult moment has the potential to open my eyes and open my heart . " - myla kabat-zinn
prayers go to heaven when you close your eyes
vacation is drawing to a close . ready for home and my own bed .
thanks for the order ! :) you should have your cards in time for your conf on the 5th
today's password is " six million dollar man "
#prevention saves money . cutting it is penny-wise and pound-foolish .
if we loved again , i swear iwordswordswordsd love you right .
kobe's flu game > your favorite player on performance enhancers
the first frame drums appeared in 5600 b.c . and skin-covered ceramic drums in 3500 b.c .
i'm so excited to be betty boop for halloween ! thx for great tutorial !
congrats on being homeowners ! how exciting !
i love limericks , but that link isn't working
ruben on the worship , amy's spoken word , etd on the drama , and the holy spirit on the move!! ! great night
this part of " reality bites " was reality . if your friend " comes out, " embrace them , never shun them . friends are friends for a reason .
omg jonas brothers were mentioned on my tv sxdzcbhfdbcxfhyrde
new avi is gorgeous !
if i had any weakness , it would be short blonde tan girls in trader joes . she's probably like 18 too . and her mom ? f
specyphi . what you believe .
espn analyst jay bilas talks ua , gameday - arizona daily wildcat ua news espn analyst jay bilas talks ua , gameday arizona daily wildcat b
says the girl who is tweeting during the movie
i woke up and read this tweet . i've never craved teriyaki tenderloin at 8 am . . . . #untiltoday . ps come to dc for maryland game
when your favorite song is playing and someone starts talking to you . :\
death , cultural confusion , love triangles--just another night ' s 20th anniv show !
middle of the day bubble bath . ..relaxing and needed
windows down kind of weather . .
i'm not living if you're not by my side . wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
lol okay ill drop a stack off so you can shop for me , i want fubu jeans , kswiss , and lugz kay ?
: : wednesday on live at 10 . . . heads to two one-way streets on mke's east side where they know only " one way " to drive . . . fast !
uffff this starbucks coffee ice cream is definitely hitting all the right spots
so over summer and classes ! bring on the fall ! =)
sure thing !
we're writers , rt ? so our signage should be smart , witty . we need compendium of the best slogans . " we are not contingent, " etc . suggestions ?
you'll see when he's on punk'd .
roi is key factor in b2b
e.e . cummings ?
seriously . . . it keeps you awake
on my way to class first i have to stop at the starbucks to power up spanish here i come !
i really want #panam back on tv . . . 3 weeks is far too long !
i need a lot of tweets :) 98 more days till my birthdayy :)
game time baby! ! go lone oak:)
ricky , don't lose the plot
celebrate w . w . norton authors & friends this afternoon at our wine reception in booths 308 & 309 at 4 o'clock .
u will burping it if you take too much . . .
i am just one of the many wannabes at #sxsw , hoping some coolness will rub off on me .
lakeview park apartments as assistant mgr
. says : it's the job of ppl who do digital work to tell students : " no , you need to go visit special collections . "
man , i'm thankful for the lord's present calling on my life . church , job , city community group . what grace he has poured out on my life . .
. ' s drummer looks like from " chuck . " so you see , it comes full circle .
i don't want to know what you are listening to .
hang tough david . you must be ahead if they are attacking you . the only stuff i got in the mail today was attacks .
has taught me to #believe in my dreams . one of my dreams is for him to follow me ! #neversaynever ;)
me either ! " : i cant find the picturess :/ "
maybe if i had a better attitude and wasn't so sarcastic i'd actually have friends .
. . . . . ..1178 dragstrip road . hudson nc 28638 , i moved and i got a new address
ready for snowy saturday ! i guess i'm still a 10 y/o at heart . i plan on cooking , netflixing , & tea w fellow acupuncturista !
happy holidays and much abundance in 2012 to !
guys go ask questions ! #askjamie! ! <3
damn you daylight savings time!! ! sleep . ..it eludes me .
+eleventybillion rt : i guess you could say joe ricketts's chickens have come hoome to roost
lol g life
someone . . it dosnt go away that easily .
darlin yes i'm but we have sold out the lussekatter more tomorrow but if u still want a coffee come by darling 28th park ave
tell me why teachers stalk our facebooks then talk bout uss there so #childish . :(
omg! ! i just saw your bio on twitter . we are meant to be friends
maybe colton and matt could tag team ! lol !
that's great news ! congratulations !
is it me or is it very ironic that rihanna is in the battleship movie working in the navy . lol
happy to hear the spellchecker is a hit !
district #6 . our tributes are awful , just like the state . :) haha
the great thing in this world is not so much where you stand , as in what direction you are moving . oliver wendell holmes (1809 - 1894)
another season of lp treasury :) go rangers !
lakers vs . thunder . i'm going with okc
rasmussen reports that 77% believe jesus rose from the dead . . but does that make them better people ? and isn't that what really matters ?
why thank you . . . poor simba . . hahaha . . .
when and where will you come to portland , or for the bruce lee benefit art viewing ?
you're annoying and make no sense ! ?
yikes , that's a doozy .
great work ! !
excited for member party on the campus . speakers are president young , and
brandy and biscuit are out on the town tonight , trying out the new #seamlessipad app .
love it . . ,
any plans to expand to williamsburg , nn , hampton or hampton roads ?
ima bout to lay down im tired
i feel like writing .
that bag is quite fetching , as is erin . she could be a part . . . time . . . model .
beauty is when people who step out boldly to love the unlovable even when unpopular . it's not a gifting or calling but a command-john 15:12
whats up with tiger woods ? why struggling w/consistency ? check for my blog before tiger tees off on saturday !
i had a dream about you last night !
depends on what kinds of flavors you like and what you're willing to spend .
wordswordswords : god you are foul grrrrrrosssswordswordswords *fowl
never , just getting my singles ready
today we have the red or green chile cheese dog fries and a drink for 6.50
they bout to be real they still got a mean defense all they needed was offense they should be one of the best squads
old guy on grindr : " you're very cute . " me : " you're very old . " him : " ouch . . " me : " oh i thought we were stating the obvious . . " him : *block*
check your spam folder cuz .
would die @ what 103.3 is playing tonight , all house music !
i also heard the gunshots . i'm on 36th and paine , where are you ?
no problem babe ;) >> wordswordswords : s/o preciate the follow babygirl!wordswordswords
i guess twitter isn't that painful to use . getting used to it .
heh . .."electric douche carnival" . sounds ' bout right .
last chance for marshmallow pops at millvale days . we have s'mores ! we are right next to the main stage .
first #creative task (join me if want) is to #design a cartoonish trap,like one for the rd runner , in 1 week . it can be made of anything .
the higher you move into your organization , the more social capital you need .
insomnia home fries .
great job #bartong . . . my mother was very pleased & buzzed . successful sunday ! wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
yes ! we are gonna post it on the site in the am rt : hope u liked the show
maybe #webos could make its way into things like cars and kiosks . those would fit #hp's desired consulting-based business model .
" im in love wit the brown , but i been cheating the clear all year " - becuz of and the
rayando el sol
writers are welcome to join .
morning everyone :d
you'll always be a-list to me! ! !
hello jc bst 2 u free e-book award winning novel gray rainbow journey limited time offer contact
i feel like #acting gets more & more infused into my vains! ! love it ! !
weekly wrap : mac tips and tricks , cool new accessories , and plenty more
a proper journalist stays awake his whole life . rt : a snail can stay asleep for 3 whole years .
i wish half-written blog posts had value , i could make a fortune .
todaywordswordswordss abbot kinney specials : soups today are cauliflower and tomato . sugar free lemonade is pineapple coriander .
mac daddy
ar north america's best selling pressure washer ar390
how many whitepaper offers does one need in any day ? do universities teach about white papers ? are they footnoteable ? " 10 ways to ibid "
embargo bro
i'm a vegetarian and i would be interested in checking the pictures out .
important ! each crew member will be geting a twitter soon ! we will keep you updated on that !
people do not seem to realize that their opinion of the world is also a confession of character . - ralph waldo emerson
any inspired entrepreneurs hitting up #hopsandchops tonight ?
i mean , they're the vikings--- logic need not apply .
thankyou for the recommendation
it would be very interesting to know more about what was actually going on :)
preciatee da follow , keep in touch:)
i make it rain on my spanish hoes! . . . .
thank you holly ! glad that you are enjoying the blog . please let us know if you ever have any questions .
i propose a blotting kit upon arrival for all next year . : seriously -- why does everyone have a shiny face ? makes no sense .
me " : who trying to go out to eat deaux my treat !! "
can't wait for it to storm tonight!!wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
send a pic of the lovely pooch you have and let's find him a great home . . . thanks ! wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
lol good morning to you as well sexy . i think you just made it an even better one lol ;)
thanks . i have this like " everyone loves a bj " shirt cause of bj raji , but i'm waiting for a minute to release it lol !
strange move by obama , i guess he is trying to get people to forget the economy .
this pollen got me feelin like ugh
wordswordswords : just walked in the room . it just got real in here ! #livefromthebarrelwordswordswords i'm so real . and so dubstep .
now its cold as hell in here
now i see why dante jones dunk on 2k is 99
how has society not tapped into this great idea ? we will be well-laid geniuses .
go to target !
did they start selling the tickets to oc yet ?
i'm jill . i work as a temp ref librarian at a community college .
" : so much hate i need ak! " say ye say ye
it was amazing !
love that - #smallwaukee - aina hey ? hi , cathy !
austin please come to chile isthe olny country of southamerica in the list!!! ! please come chile loves you so so so much!! ! !
stay simply beautiful <3
: hanging at the marvel bar with & brilliant cocktails found . #aam2012 (this is what we're missing!)
always smile bro ! follow me ! #belieberboy 20
great information at #utdgsa meeting -- and always excited to talk about upcoming
happy mother's day to mrs . simmons . <3
outside the courtroom while chris cook's jury deliberates . if convicted of strangulation & 3rd degree assault wld most likely get probation .
why was yesterday the first time i ever watched blood diamond ? such a good movie .
please share
rt : talking down fails to lift up . . .
you know it ! although a beach front evening in charleston , sc sure sounds good !
and you are now my favorite young journalist from ontario;)
nixes keystone pipeline . thanks for the ammo . . .
i'm growing in my ashanti sideburns .
so glad came and visited me at work . i hope he doesn't care i left myself a $50 tip on his receipt wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
you guys rule !
what a pretty tree . . . im gonna hug it . :)
how would you label your personality ?
avengers tonight ! avengers tonight !
like a boss .
trying to do a cross fit in henderson las vegas the rest of the mornings that i am here . . . .anyone that you all recommend ?
let me know how the online book read goes ! i'd love to hear how parents respond to the material . thanks !
" success is a choice . " -- rick pitino
i would tell u . but u always ignore my text messages :p
i don't have time to be on hold bro .
better have some pretty boss finale if this is true .
you would think with a master's degree i'd be able to work a phone , but the new ones at work still baffle me sometimes .
adidas are two real
i woke up and immediately laughed :d
that being said . . . . at least indy's handling manning better than gb handled favre .
just finishes a project development meeting! ! feels great !
word up , man . health to you . and positive vibrations . bless !
as you see there are many , many ways to record hip hop music
i've been seeing more " demand the note and get a free house! " would love to see a post to refer people to on that as well !
first campus tour starts in 20 minutes ! meet in the front of market pointe ! whose going ? !
beautiful ! cheers for that .
don't hate me , but i like the application frame in photoshop cs4 mac because it helps with focus on messy desktops .
#ifonlyalexknew how amazing he is <3
as i have said before . technology the times geographic locations change but people stay the same . because the world is the world
i wasn't sure either plus i had my disguise on #readingglasses :)
why am i even here . . . .
happy monday ! how's your week starting out ?
i'm ready for spring break !
thanks for your support! ! rt support : a museum that tells the story of all the different nationalities in america
don't you expect us to assume if your not telling us anything . . . .
indeed . these are truly healing , aren't they . . .
hopefully today goes fast
i got on my knees and said the our father on the comedy stage last night . am i going to hell ?
derrick rose is a killer on the court! ! !
need to improve your salary in the it field ? enroll at ksi and get an ibm rational certification . www.ksi.edu
thanks and welcome to
unbelievable progress on our promo . it's going to be a beautiful thing . should be ready to release in two weeks . very excited & inspired !
let's go mavs!! ! time to drop the hammer
well i'm doing it for fun forget about the time . ;) thanks man for the tips .
oh my goodness are you in wa ?
28 days til the warm sandy beaches of belize! ! can not wait !
but srsly i hate when people act smarter than they actually are
i am learning something about myself as a runner : i am really freaking slow . but ! i ran 11 miles today . first time since 2003 .
there are alternatives to liposuction . velashape can help you smooth out cellulite and improve your appearance . call for more information
shaking her jelly cuz this her jam ? wtf ? they'll play anything on the radio smh !
can't wait to see tomorrow . watch out new york here i come !
deff feelin slaughterhouse new video doe >>>
thankful " i am not who i was " .
another gripping episode #nextironchef - can't get enough of this show! ! you can cook for me any day chuck ! !
of course i do
goodnight twitter ! !
someone's gotta help me dig
i'm guessing madison dmd you . .
my mood for tonight depends on if the lakers win or lose .
" the only way you can hurt the body is not use it . " " inactivity is the killer and , remember , it's never too late."jack lalanne
this is singapore style rain in la ! !
chinatown date night! ! !
wordswordswords : " he is risen ! he is risen indeed!"wordswordswords
rt : loved the screening at :)*
any updates on tcl and midland ?
give customers gifts . the best ones arrive for no special reason & cost little to send wordswordswords a pen , note cards or a product sample .
time to get this day started .
ur welcome where u from
#nowreading + #obsessed w/ " art of engagement : visual politics in california and beyond " by peter selz . great flow + just packed w/ artists .
so the internet is out at work . what to do ?
aww you are so amazing ! !
accordingly to regulation , if said pepper spray is made a component of the pizza , then the resulting pizza has become a vegetable .
watching #westindiescricket while reconciling a key informant genealogy w/ church birth and death records . now that's cultural exchange !
sight deals with what we can see but vision shows what we can be ! !
i'm just waking up ! i thought it was a bad dream-cant believe we lost-daayyumm ! !
i'll see you in a few months !
i have complete faith in you ;-)
save an additional 20% off all sale items ! use coupon code : extra when you checkout . don't miss out on this big sale going on right now .
obv there bro n sis u had to c my dad in the car he was like belly dancin goin boom boom boom i was lke those arnt even the words
yay ! and thank you . :)
the monster in big trouble in little china looks like he could have played in the chuck e cheese band
wonderful , thank you ! i will be in touch shortly through my si address .
me too . even more so when they're staff .
what a great tweet . sounds like a tasty friday snack ! :) rt : sunbelt granola bars .
#shoutout to my new follower ===>>> got u love
i can't wait to see the new muppets movie . . .
up all night
3rd day at the illinois clinic with don kelbick . some really great stuff . simple and great .
hamburg i like i like to eat i love life of rest and good food , love eating live happily enjoying listening to selena and video gameswordswordswords!wordswordswords!wordswordswordswordswordswords
i gotta cute face,chubby face,thick legs,in shape ;)
if i hear one more lie today i'm blowing someone's head off
i want some ice cream tho
thanks josh!! ! rt : happy birthday kid ! !
you should come to dallas !
nice . but um . . . .if it's brunch , where's the food ? sunday brunch lockerz.com/s/131760933
idk what my mom and sisters are going to do when i'm at college haha
are you *kidding* me ? right when i start to leave the house , the sky turns into armageddon .
" the only end to adolescence is death or employment "
great job on the redesign ! much easier to navigate
for real! ! but for the record , no cats .
we were honored to premiere paul zelevansky's :60 shorts mister rogers for adults . soon to show prior to films at regent square theater .
riding my scooter with a wbez knapsack , i feel like a cliche . it could be worse : i could have a tote bag , i suppose .
my cousin just got proposed to!!!!! ! ah ! screw my chem final , it is time to celebrate !
what's the difference between a man and a catfish ? one is a bottom-feeding scum-sucker , and the other is a fish .
waiting for my coffee to be brewed .
" : i hate when i see a ugly person " i know you hate to look mirror
headed to abf to praise the lord with shaun , kristin , terrance and chris!! ! everyone have a great day :)
1br in a large 2br woolen mills apt 4 rent ! peace , river , garden , bookshelves , cat , all good stuff . .
congrats on the funding-that's really exciting !
anyone wanting to chat ? i"m bored as hell .
you mad cause i don't love you back . come on now .
man . . it's already april . ! 1 more month till my freshmen year is over ! then i'll be sophomore . whatt ?
yes ! i was going to say ! had delicious blackberry pecan preserves on my toast this morning . looking forward to the other flavors !
i used to love catching a glimpse of that bike ! that's a good neighborhood .
starting my mini vacay to sf with a muscle relaxer . unfortunately i actually need it . fun at any cost !
i'm cleaning my ears with a q-tip and thinking of you
i should be focusing on fall 12 manuscripts , but i got sucked in to and was forced to check out 2 books .
kg could play pg and he would still be decent , thats how good/versatile of a player he is .
how well u play the drums
#mapaca conf was unique and fun ! i loved the scholarly panel on cheesesteaks at tony jrs & wandering behind the scenes at new century trust .
hi colin - thanks for following us
the best 15th birthday present would be tweeting me . :) then my day would be completteee
check us out! ! !
sophie seems sad she has to wait another week to watch yoga rave .
what is going on
still went . it was delicious !
top that , new england and denver !
official title of my #seniorthesis of #graphicdesign appropriation of information , graphics , and materials : the fair use community in crisis
s/o to strong campaign volunteers : and others not on twitter and those of you scheduled for volunteer time .
blitz comet on the scene you step to me and you're gonna get creamed corn all up in your teeth , you reek
dear : thank you so much for joe in client services . he is beyond extraordinary . my rating of him is a+ !
i think your an amazing dancer ! ! keep doing what your doing ! you inspire me !
yeah bro all is well . i haven't been able to keep up with the stros as much as i'd hoped for either .
someone's always going to find fault . . . . just do it anyway .
see y'all mawordswordsana
sigh . . . .most movies are getting lack luster reviews . . . . . .what happened to the days of the films that moved you ? lion king ? jurassic park ?
text me 7024187833
probably should think about getting two , just incase one is defective . safety first !
so much hatred for the song ' no regrets ' by dappy .
i'm honestly more shocked by people using evites than people using fax machines .
i can't believe i didn't do it as a student . weather + sailing are a match made in heaven .
my school of liberal arts about went up in flames . fire in the bush out front no joke .
finally got billings 3 up and running on my new computer . yay !
haha well just calling it how i see it :p n really ? ur lyin hah
i love dance club ! <3 cute bboys everywhere ! ;)
dear truck that ran over the railing in the middle of the road , how the hell did you do that ? sincerly , wtf !
practice - allen iverson .
who's with us this morning ? happy tuesday ! (trying to stay positive with all of this horrible news going on lately)
last grad tweet . it's been an awesome day ! congratulations on everything !
celebrating st . p's tonight by watching the english on tv and drinking scotch . don't tell the irish .
where are these to lakers rumors coming from
you are moving into marylee's and you get to paint the room ?
back from nyc just in time to start season four rehearsals tonight !
why do i know that delta burke was married to major dad ?
not what we say about our blessings , but how we use them , is the true measure of our thanksgiving .
hey! ! nope no kids not yet at least ! it's hard to start a family in showbiz ! once i'm more established i will fo sho ! :)
i miss jersey shore:(
watching both nba games on espn ! who else is ! ?
congrats ! undeath is awesome too !
gonna be a long day .
if your still posting status ' saying " 10 most finest females id cuff . . . lms :) "
my cousin just told me !
wanting to wish everybody a great thanksgiving
thank you so much for the hanger idea for your " hanger " idea ! i am so on board!thank you to 4 giving the heads up !
thanks to artists like you , anne !
some diy is awesome ! it's what makes a #wedding unique ! but professional guidance is invaluable :-)
happy memorial day weekend ! let's celebrate !
its crazy how i haven't heard from my mom all week till mother's day smh sad
you're a f u c k i n g idiot if you believe that . why don't you leave america , its clear you hate it . bty f u c k you . moron .
kinda feels good :p
>>>you were great as usual . . . and i were way n the back #crowded !
yes i would make that trade
going on a trip . . . who's coming with me ?
the new record is mastered . it's about time to get this thing all wrapped up for ya .
sitting on my throne and lovin it
lopez : was in so much pain herself , afraid she might pass out . resisted . " i just kept thinking this could be the last time i get to see her "
whoa ! he really does look like a weirdo now .
you made your baby girl cry :c
eatin #food /w ;d
he looks like he would ! :)
my maxim for life : iwordswordswordsm responsible for my happiness and you yours
does anyone know any intriguing world news ? it has been quite depressing to read the news lately .
lol tell me about my bff bre said hi lol ?
heading out to shoot some fun looks today . ..the weather is crazy gorgeous . ..can't wait !
to get an after picture there has to be a before-check those out on our website brb.com
i say the same thing about ice cream . rt : why can't i eat crepes for every meal , huh ?
you cant continue walking the same path you've always been on and expect to arrive at a different destination .
when i first moved to la actual tag line in ad for la bus system : " it's getting better on the bus . "
sorry , no recommendation made
the enemy walks amongst us !
this morning , your friendly neighborhood host exclaimed , " it's almost april! " and ordered his costume . . . are you prepared for may 26th ?
love it
just a feeling . maroon 5 . </3
might be back to tweet , but if not , goodnight all of you ! sweet dreams
very well
i just want to be able to call you my girlfriend :)
come to the grackle tonight for some good music and free beer . . . us , ume , life & times , magnet school . art vs . science . . . so many bands
that very much sums up how i felt about stoner . just a truly remarkable novel
deals deals deals , all over the place ! cool
yes ! a sweep would be nice . my nerves can't take the rollercoaster of emotions again .
it's wrong of me , probably , but i like it . nice graphic design .
cats are asking if wade is injured . not sure where his built in excuses come from . . . .
appointments can be made to browse product at lovesick clothing's studio space , message for more details .
is officially verified .
yeah . we sold out around 2 today . tomorrow is looking to be a nice day tho :)
i hate losing followers
" he who is afraid of asking is ashamed of learning . "
studio life .
working on passthenotes and getting early feedback and partners . ..got to rock the meetings
do we not get kevin baby pictures ! ?
hunger games was so good! ! !
you are late jazz! ! !
what ? ! she was there ? i wanna see ! she's so beautiful:-)
learning is not attained by chance , it must be sought for with ardor and attended to with diligence . --abigail adams
. ..i dont like hearing what i " should " do , especially before my coffee . , teach this infidel proper manners .
looking forward to working with to give backpacks to our children this year ! we're so grateful for their donations !
gotta get the website done and put the finishing touches on the plans for our 1st fundraiser . there's a lot 2 b done , but our team is ready !
i'm not even going to ask what that might smell like when it goes bad .
thanks , no hurry getting back to us , always so much going on :)
so many union members aren't in line with union bosses . it's like they need a union to protect them from their union .
i just gotta hear the #'s on this one . does kc remember the mighty overkill ? hope so .
hunger only for a taste of justice\hunger only for a world of truth/'cause all that you have is your soul--tracy chapman
actually disgusting that i've just paid wordswords5.10 for a return ticket on the tram .
and wieters redeems himself for several earlier bad swings tonight .
uverse vs . brighthouse vs . comcast . #michigan / #detroit people , which do you use , and how is the quality and customer service ?
its way lamer
scored tickets to the price is right . . . going to the dr . drew lifechangers show today . . . busy week ! : )
. 3rd party candidates , right now , are only viable on the local level .
#lathtr #ff new rogue tweeting artists from #wherethegreatonesrun and & from
i think we all agree it's important to #votesmart . tell us why/how you #votesmart for a chance to win a project vote smart tee-shirt !
you cant begin to process me with a normal brain .
joyful day of birth rt : the 8th of may .
come bff !
could never forget you sexy :)
wishing i was back on #bowmanfield today . . . maybe will just have to go to clemson website and look at the webcams .
happens to me all the time !
the final draft of the book is done and at the publisher ! hallelujah ! !
buahahah!! ! idk who's #bachelorette tweets are funnier . . . or ?
wordswordswordswhen all is said and done , more is said than done.wordswordswords wordswordswords lou holtz
love you too . have fun tonight at midnight .
welcome to the good life !
you deserve more than that . .
i'm really going to miss the bums on the venice boardwalk expounding on the hidden meaning of the murals at 9am saturday morning .
i can't wait for the weekend .
lucky ! i hate this class wanna join ? #plz:)
lmao isn't it sad how addicting these things are ? :-)
my net is down-mayb i can bring my beats to da studio,if its possible
tomorrow me and my mom are wearing all red and im wearing my , mahone wardrobe for his birthday
oh , there's a whole audience of people who get your dagobah jokes :
i hate running
good luck fool !
i love when the speed limit hits 75mph in louisiana
rt wordswordswords : im the kinda girl that would love to be yours if you asked me to.wordswordswords
nope chicken soup
hi , tweeps , any of you with direct experience of making or using ibooks ? getting questions from a high-level library patron .
mr welch . mr barr passed on march 16 , 2012 in an automobile accident on the rte 20 . thought you'd like to know , sir .
i want a juicy seasoned by the best greasy cheesy azz burger!!! ! !
but i like blue .
all of us are home , under the same roof ! ah , that makes me happy . and there are already visitors . ..yep , is home .
clear liquor has less sugar .
is lady gaga wearing the rings of saturn ? or braces ? or saturn's braces ?
well wvu never gets 4 or 5 star recruits , so if i was a wvu fan i probably wouldn't retweet anything either .
not much longer now , may 8th is so close ! #amankedionti rt : i am looking forward to this cd !
glucomannen , cha de bugre and caralluma combined in one all natural weight mgt . supplement . if you want to avoid the holiday weight . . .
north carolina - you're a moron .
being surprised that romney is running away from far right is like being surprised san francisco has earthquakes .
monday nite the kitchen faucet sent a belt high sprinkler str8 out when i lifted the handle . it crossed my mind not to tell my beloved . :-)
i've never had it i always wanted to try ! !
let me know !
i must say it is def refreshing to see something different for a change . .
annoyed , my son needs too come out !
check me out tonight on showbiz tonight @ 11pm et on cnn . . . . .
#happy #mothers #day #enjoy it .
just for limited amounts of time . otherwise i get cold wet feet . luckily just a fine coat of snow here . mild winter
wordswords i'm a woman who does not smoke or drink!wordswords . . . . . -___- lies
to be clear . my retweets are endorsements , but i won't say what for .
i did ! it was good you guys did an awesome job ! cheryl harmony megan and rexanna did a really good job with you guys :)
cosmic gate tonight . come play .
love that new winning avatar of yours! ! rock on , girl ! !
thats ok , we completely understand haha
girls night out tonight ! can't wait !
anyone know a band that would have been on the up in 1951 , and could have then slept on the couch of some artist in the bowery ? (fiction hw)
" go big or go home . " - james garfield
guess whose back . . . .it's macau . . . .back again !
so let's get big high
your welcome , and aww thanks , i would have asked you to come by at my office , and bring me coffee hahahahahha :p
so interesting to hear board members ' thoughts on college success for our kids . kicking off our october benefit felt good 2 !
can you really have a bushel of stone crabs ?
ooh , don't hate !
the imaginary band correction ~ our show at 58 main will be august 11th ! somehow my twitter tweeted without me ! next show 4/28 at mastrellas
wordswordswords : your music is so cute ! you have a really nice voice=) thanks for sharing that with me !
enjoying this weekend ! thank you to for the opportunity to host an amazing wine competition !
just slept in . ready for a great day at the #cccnlc !
south asian american art festival may 1 , 2010 in santa monica california , artists send jpegs to
so hyped for my dominos to be ready pdfogjilkhndfh .
i probably hate you because you're so similar to me .
1 hr to go . . it's cold af in these tents
i saw the eames documentary this fall at boston mfa . fabuloso !
foster fiasco - new york post
female co-host wanted for unsigned artist showcase . must have personality , be self-motivated & somewhat attractive ! info : 347 249 9441
. creating articles is cool .
lost all of my pictures and videos on my droid
i loved every minute of it ! i can't believe how big he's getting . .
wat happen to him . . sounds like benard hopkins fishy . get em faber
summer is in exactly 6 weeks :p
peyton manning will be released on wed ! totally saw that coming . .
i am who i am . i have curly hair . i have a geeky mindset . i love my life and my job . if you can't deal with that then , that's unfortunate .
so , are you guys swedish ? american ? or . . . ?
hey remember that cool t shirt you had on . . the shredded one . . did you make it or buy it ?
found the best greek restaurant in la!! ! xandros on restaurant row . . .
i forgive people for the reason that i still want them in my life .
#aaasmtg dennis meredith says everything scientists learn about communicating w lay audiences will help their scholarly careers .
life is only tolerable at 4:45 am when one is flying to florida . (currently -4 here 71 there)
thanks ! it's really not easy to suffer through this minefield of stupidity every day .
im excited to see it!( :
hahaha , how we looking now ?
haha , me too rt : with each older swimmer's successful comeback (evans , ervin , hansen , torres) i just feel fatter and fatter .
haha that is awesome . the girls at the store missed me .
yeah . immediate block . also the generic egg avatar kinda gives it away .
getting ready to push a new version of my software instrument out to my great beta testers . . .
wordswordswords : mr and mrs smith is actually my moviewordswordswordslike u made it ?
rt : what will you do today to support your local economy ? support a local independent business .
where can you go ? mt . washington . why ? 2night & have a few pints & cans with the folks from from 8-10pm
a rod . the rally killer .
twitter on the computer o_o
public service announcement : using the phrase " make no mistake " betrays your incompetence as a public speaker .
walking on sunshine ! got 5 tasks done ! onto the next! ! woohoo!!! ! !
i usually get excited for new apple announcements . but since i bought a mbp in november . ..not too stoked for the new release .
are the broncos actually going to win this game ? kill me . kill me now .
i just wanted to say i love you .
red wine and claim jumper's chocolate motherload cake . .the best cake evvveerrr . .<3 junk day !
the ce & dlc buyers need to feel like they got significant value . we can't know how central it is to plot until it's out .
it's all in da poop
#puthiminabodybag rt : i blame the rival sensei in karate kid for bountygate .
so , you're not mad at what i said ?
kickin it wit
@ subway they are taking 4 eva
: i love that you are giving a prize for #followalibrary day ! we should have thought of that for #followamuseum day !
i am going to the movies , though .
it's great isn't it . . . i've learned so much from it . .
ah omgomgomg woo
join the maui mall shoppers club at www.mauimall.com . we give away three great prizes monthly , including $100 gift certificate to the mall !
is apparently the only person who knows how to make a pot of coffee .
first drawing on june first ! !
appropriately , on nfl draft day i managed to pull off a complex three-way reference desk trade .
very sad game , lost it from the beginning . . . ..where was the defense . . . .come on guys ! we know you can beat that thunder! ! !
what are you talking about drummer boy ? im a drummer girl ! and justin my drummer boy <3 lol jk
www.xpressid.net must see
he shall cover you with his feathers . we thank you lord for divine protection everyday . be encouraged !
the newest national poll is out . it's fox - and fox has obama plus seven!! ! ouch . . . . . !
6 days till two months<3
i have a film idea about a man so obsessed with , he moves to houston just so he can spend his days at the 3 stores on west gray .
dear coffee , at any point you'd like to kick in and wake me up , that would be great . sincerely , josh
is my best friend
lol fam you crazy dude your a monster on kit shreddin the world in half with them shades on !
new razor
the kind that bring you home when home is such a strange place . .
i was eating grilled cheese then i bit my tongue ! :( it hurts
i love how how . i met your mother quoted galaxy quest , " never give up , never surrender . " great quote , great movie .
slept weird i guess . . .
rt : rt : hey non-soccer fans - turn on espn2 , high drama right now if you like sports even a little .
way to go giants! ! !
2012 ms . sf leather is on october 27th ! save the date !
what in the world is selfridges ?
had to throw it out there . . .
jindal lost it the day he did the rebuttal to the state of the union speech a couple years back . he's terrible .
get ready for a sweltering hot car in vegas ! wordswordswords:please let events back on campus-hard to evaluate when your in the car all day
girls being overly excited and extremely loud in the mornings
who's got your back event is a great opportunity to bond with your work team #wgyb thanks definitely buying the book now
one step closer to home . plane needed two tires in phoenix . great week at #spprosummit . made some new best friends ! door closed . jere we go
thank you ! :)
believe you can and you're halfway there .
i let all my feelings out on here . ..well not all
why do i have all these quarters in my wallet ? it's like im going to play arcade games later .
rt : " i love you, " she said . " thank you, " replied young barry obama . much smoother than my old response , " because you're drunk . "
now is time to push accelerator , plow through genetic disorders for which the genetic basis is not yet known - dr . green ,
today is a day to figure out who & what you need to cut out of your life to grow
i love cheez its too !
blah rt : training camps won't open on oct 3 and the league canceled all preseason games scheduled from oct 9 through oct 15
to celebrate #leapday just had a 4x strong coffee ! hoping to do the same with my scotch in the evening ! !
" oh , you said you like it in the butt-ler . . ? "
offensively but you just can't underscore how important everett's glove during the stros ' run .
are you coming to dallas ?
happy birthday jesus!! ! !
hm . ..we don't know . half a bottle left and have leftover champagne so we will have to think about it . good problem tho .
same ! good convo and insight . thx
another month . another year . another smile . another tear . another winter and another summer too . but there can never be another you . wordswordswords
up late , shopping for furniture . ah !
just watched thor . watching ironman2 now .
" we do not want to lose (this) opportunity in el cajon, " developer neal arthur tells council , still plugging this four-star hotel near ecpac
while driving , turn off interior lights . any source of light inside the car will seem extremely bright and make it more difficult to see .
morning is not a good morning without a cup of coffee
where on channel 53 right now watch it
hope you don't feel another earthquake there .
just learned that the music library has acquired a lot of new orleans best hip hop . awesome !
i'm really impressed with the amount of one direction king's dominion plays on their loudspeakers . ..i approve !
ppl wonder why i dont fool wit dem like that . .
yum , mexican food ! !
i think #voicethread has its benefits . i liked the different formats a student can post comments .
starting okpancake for me to find brunch dates
ima turn into a hot wing
so do you like byrzaster ?
how you doin ;)
people come and people go , i'd like to think that i did this all on my own
basically i don't understand why we all spend our lives begging for attention in fandoms and for internet fame
lol love how i call you and you're with freaking girls . i want to give up on you so bad .
different kinda ballers wear different kind of shoes
can't wait to see tonight at aladdin theater !
i'm planning on trying to make coca-cola cake if you'd like to help . . . .but rachel isn't going to be able to come d :
perm it/software development
my wife's maiden name is bondi . someday . ..somehow . ..we're making a trek to bondi beach just to get a t-shirt !
yeahh i used to do that . . but its disrespectful though
#ravens ftw<3 i love them and always have .
fabulous way to start the day , seeing the ultra-talented & oh so attractive head family at fusion coffeehouse in madison ms !
" it was a funny time to blow but blow he did " #bpl #ffc #cfc lol
tomorrow , i'll be tweeting from at and the children's museum #jhunyc where we'll be discussing interactives
kinda surprised to see haley go (i assume)
what's wrong ?
are you doing anything green to celebrate #earthday this weekend ?
#churchplanters the team you surround yourself with will either kill the vision or bring it to life . get rid of the dead weight quickly !
kos vs daley = worst fight of the night but the punch after the fight was over was totally uncalled for
he's more of a single malt fan , admittedly .
oh yea ! my parents saw it just before i went to eastern europe for a backpackers trip . bad idea !
haven't tried it myself . but hear it gets large props . based on work by and -used to load a billion triples
thanks for follow
instead of thinking of what u are missing , try thinking of what u have that everyone else is missing .
nothing much in the house cooking . .
and joe buck reprises his dad's famous call from 1991 series : " we'll see you tomorrow night! "
rt : you think everyone cares . we don't
imagine on top of the ovens on having to sit next to hot headed relatives in this heat when wine and carving knoves are present
all boylan heights vip are sold out!! ! thank you c-ville!! ! ga still available @ beer run with no service charge and at the pavilion !
in a sales conf . for my company . learning about selling in the new normal of the education market . always good to hear what sakes is doing .
too bed it couldn't come between 9-10 to help those numbers . he he;)
i'm following ya on instagramm wud ya follow me back ? :d
rt : ceda monthly meeting followed by hour long intro to git . should we teach svn or git ? [what/whose problem is being solved ? ]
food > homework obviously .
aw shucks , how are you lady ?
can't wait to see the great actor & literacy champion at #webwise later this morning !
visit us at www.slyderfootball.com
had to completely reset my phone . ..but i got amazing new apps so it feels like a brand new phone :)
thanks bro . . .
al harrington & penny marshall ! ? ! ? !
hope he don't be doing all this stuff the whole month
that'd be sweet . .let me know when . . ill make sure im off so we can parrrtty
no go to in dundalk to claim your free hooded sweatshirt . come get them before they are gone .
i'm fighting the need to laugh . it's rather painful .
awesome ! have him hit me up - keaton at audioadd dot net
in the senior meeting bored!!! ! !
thanks ! it ran in all the metro papers . woot woot .
haha . i was thinking the same thing . trading clerk in ks ! ? !
peter diamandis talk is incredible .
gowalla ! it's an austin business and we love it !
u.s . institutional plan sponsors had positive start to 2012 , according to northern trust universe data
our flavors at our harvard sq location : lavender-honey & nutella ! come and get it !
sign up for directv now and get 6 monthes of the best package free! ! call 1-800-390-3065 and use promo code 29055 for extra savings .
white girls have beefs ? wordswordswords
i burn then . . . . burn .
one of the favorites , bodemeister , draws no . 6 .
not bad at all .
think it's called being " hysterical " haha #doublemeaning #theendisnear !
i need some confirmation on whether or not blake griffin can still dunk fluently
it's 80 degrees . thunderstorms are bearing down on milwaukee . my wife is cooking a turkey .
it's cuz he looks like cody simpson with blue eyes and theyll b like " ur lying " im always tol im 2 fat nd ugly 4 a guy li . . .
interesting post from friend in india : " there are only two type of people on this planet - 1) who have an iphone , and 2) who want an iphone "
someday maybe actual on-court results will trump " upside ' to nba scouts .
is temporarily out of service due to the derailment of thought , estimated time for repair is unknown .
administrator deep in the hall way
we're fully recovered from the today's power outage . the catalog and our full web site are functioning .
school blows
hey kentucky , quit showboating !
use copyscape to check the content for originality , useful tool i recently found .
rose bowl it may be / a glorious new year day / still not in haiku!!! ! !
which sauce are you putting on your burger this may ? national hamburger month is in full swing !
that scared me so bad! ! gosh ! lol
heading into competition for mrs . united states tomorrow and i'm ready!! ! let's do this nevada !
because i was on the bridge directly above the ob metra trains , the locos sprayed me with their smoke . ..which was perfectly fine with me !
how's your mother ? oh , she's on her way out . we all are . act accordingly .
how a merger made a dart as the first child of the 2009 marriage between fiat s.p.a . and chrysler group , the 2013 dodge dart contains the
ayye you applying at my work ?
we're excited 4 lb street food fest sat . 7/24 ! & more ! www.lbstreetfoodfest.com
9 people + and explorer + souther indiana = amazing
thanks but i'm not a mother .
how is everyone ? :)
listening to #suny alfred's pres . john anderson at #msche . i love how alfred has aligned their strategic plan with the power of suny sp
breakthrough in puerto rico ! fun , yes , but we are building a new school here as well ! leave it better than when we came !
fresh off work (not so fresh really . . ) ha ' im all bout the dinerroo ! rt yo hustle ! #hustlehard '
finally decided on a name for my #b4byalsa punch : dewey decimator . we are going to drink a lot while raising $$ 4
it gets better .
i wish was on ' s ustream today !
if that's how you spell her name
hi ! i'm good . haircut and packing this weekend . such fun . what about you ?
if it doesnt want fit you make it fit!^o^
change you're name so i don't have to ask people . i didn't lie . . . weak sauce!!! ! !
im soo close to 100 views on my video and its only been up for a day :))) ah
hey , thanks for the #ff ! i trust nyc is treating you well ?
cute long fan fic in the process of writing , dedicated to y'all :)
bynum yelled yolo , shot a three and got benched haha .
couscous what the flip is that is it a type of fish ?
should i forgive him ?
haha i know just wanted to give you a good laugh
omg so excited
can we please ! its so freaking hot now ! i need that ! ( :
a publicly owned facility (the metrodome) is no longer viable for its intended purpose . it needs to be replaced .
haha i'm only messing with ya !
looks a little scary out , whipping wind and flying rain .
love me some ! florence and the machine gets me movin ' !
facebook finances leaked : $3.3 billion in 2011 revenue & employees own 30%
i'm sure if someone read your twitter and then met me , they would be disappointed on several accounts
that looks a lot like our lobby walls (of course we love it)
#1dvdcaptioncomp #1dvdforme surfs up ! one directions rockin ' the stage ! surfs up ! everybody's screaming their names !
do chinese and japanese people get tattoos in english on their bodies ?
happy birthday to our good friend daniel creegan! ! !
happy 100th birthday to arizona !
kristen wig looks boring ! looks like something she's worn before .
plant something in organic mushroom soil . . . you wanna see something grow . hottest , tastiest , hot peppers ever .
welcome to baltimore , kevin . looking forward to a great year !
a #butler win could have changed the basketball landscape . college presidents , coachs & recruits would have had a new pov .
good morning pittsburgh ! did you know today is the beginning of the chinese new year ? tune in to #pghtl @ 9am for a ' new year ' surprise !
love the feeling going to bed knowing that a) some people really do love you b) i get to sleep in ! no work til 12 !
happy sunday ! " success is liking yourself , liking what you do , and liking how you do it . " wordswordswords maya angelou
i can't help myself imma pusher .
today is my anniversary of arriving la-what a long strange trip it's been ! thanks to my friends & extended la family !
you're just like monday , nobody likes you .
the red head is going to cost you . . . . :)
wash it ! rain ! raaaaiiiiin !
havent been on this in forever . . . for a good reason too , its pointless !
#rnbthrowbacks ray j - one wish
she and her agent were publicly dissing a negative review on twitter , planning to vote up reviews to hide it .
lol wordswordswords : keep your negative ass in the housewordswordswords
i've watched all but the last season . waiting for it to air over here .
new topic - upgrading to e-m5 or switch to nikon d7000
i am lucky i am around civil rational people . . . life always works out . . just not always you expected it to . .
nothing but video interviews & connect pics today . more cowbell to follow .
hey there . how ya been . what's been going on . haven't talked in a while :)
i can't wait to move out d ;
i'm prolly being treated differently because i'm the only girl
olly perez about to face manny . gotta love spring training .
have a safe trip :)
wordswordswords : just took photos with so much fun ! thanks anna . can't wait to see them.wordswordswords yeah ! me too :)
aw thank you so much ! :) <3
" the president has introduced programs that reward schools that donwordswordswordst raise tuition and costs . they wonwordswordswordst work . " why ? you don't say .
well e-batch the plan is continue to work for the bucks . playoffs next year . mark my words .
i can't help it . i love paper books .
he's gonna coach until he's 100!!! ! it should be great for their program though . . .
i freakinn . know ! :/
having a great time beta testing scenable this morning ! can't wait for the real thing to launch !
i bid you goodnight . shall we meet again in the morrow , my heart will know no greater joy . ..i wish we talked like that in our society now .
- comedienne/cd/all around rockstar ! loved her at this eve : ' whacktors + slacktors ' <3 the lingo . . .
i don't like you .
boys either like yellas or dark skins , i dont ever see #teamredbone lol
. footnote : team said it could get $200m in nfl aid in december , but didn't specify whether that means team+league'd pay > $300m .
-_.+!- g1 certified wet tshirt contest --- friday club drama --want to get in for free ? txt me i will tell you how---214 609 3316 --
the start of the month has me listening to n'sync . huh ?
art develops cultures and brings about new perspectives . it strengthens understandings !
miss being in nc for #marchmadness -- just not feeling the #ncaabball passion and fury in silicon valley . . .
well i did first , but idk what it would say ?
songs : " suddenly c3po, " " fett me, " " mushnik and twin-suns, " " somewhere that hasn't been blown up like alderaan "
we're @ a major food show in anaheim . the international deli dairy bakery association . booth#3372 . free samples !
now doing my librarian duties :)
rt : i have found that among its other benefits , giving liberates the soul of the giver.- maya angelou
killer combo indeed ! rt : hard to beat a half smoke before seeing perform !
just found a bunch of #w6tf notes in my bag . did council ever finalize new anc boundaries ?
just had a brilliant idea watching a youtube video on a product ! brilliant ! brilliant i say! ! !
it's all biscuit stay cinematic:)))) thank you too ! !
cannot get enough of #angelsandgentlemen you killed it!! ! !
hahaha i love making people so pissed off at me they get a technical :)
hope to see everyone at the wfamily fun day today ! 10am at hope of the city church on level 2 near sears .
my tennis coach decided to run the kids clinic from 12-3 because she thought it would be too cold in the morning :o i'm gonna melt
are you serious bro ?
i'm not a big fan either . he's a heck of a play and one of the best ever , but he takes lots of bad shots sometimes .
do you like self-checkout lanes at stores -- or do you avoid them at all costs ?
great intensity early on ! !
quick morning lecture then back to sleep !
target is screwin with my head .
is there an earth cam in #lex ?
oh yea - #beerfriday time . . . .
why haven't i watched sooner ? i think i love
ive actually just finished my latest script now im just looking for a literary agent to represent me . .are you an actor ?
lmao i'm watching a re-run of america's got talent and like two acts did born this way .
" we need to start focusing on what this stuff means to a broader set of people . " miracle cure is distant future ; respect relevant now .
bunch : #culturalmuseums donwordswordswordst need to try to become community centers , rather centers of their community .
nice overview of european #trademark law by professor gielsen from amsterdam .
do u offer support 4 degree programs abroad ?
wishing my buddy luck on her french concert :) love you carrot :3
i think i'll do all my shopping after sunset .
we looking for a dj to host our upcoming mixtape
keep us in mind when you're ready to frame it !
show was a real inspiration . love the sell outs ! wonder if #fashionstar could be a blueprint 4 music production show ? :-)
i've been on wordpress very often . oh boy . i guess i like writing more than 140 letters.tingly fingers . ..carpal tunnel .
awww . i love you sebastian smythe :) <3 who doesn't love a bad guy ? especially a changed one ? <3333
can see the citi lights from lga . on the way over !
packers or steelers ? what's your vote ?
i keep it
good question . i think less because those girls are hard to resist . plus , weren't we all a girl scout at one time ?
when u in la
fun on #bvg : had to get off u-2 (stopped for night work) so i grabbed a beer at the corner while i waited for bus . can't do that on
omg it was gross
oh at chilis tampa airport " do you need a to-go cup for your wine ? "
don't forget to enter the free raffle for yankee's tickets . winner announced at noon today !
true . although i get way more out of dinner with my husband than i get out of him watching sports center . :)
who is excited about #kylestock at 4am ?
being a detroit ____ fan , not shedding a tear for any chi . teams greeny . sorry 4 you though . tue . is coming up also .
looking for winery's , suppliers , and distributors to help know anybody interested ?
ponytail sunglasses and advil
my dance teacher in our school teaches me hip hop lol
about to hate rt
sos . steelers . in . trouble . ravens . showed . up .
oh wow this sounds perfect ! what a life-saver . thanks for the advice , a trip to this spa is in my future for sure
dog returned " still blinded " and won a dog collar match over hayes drawing more than 26,000 fans to dome
there are #5millionbeliebers and we rule !
it was really weird , when this thing started , to hear lawyers and mtv people calling me and actually saying ' butthead .
getting the boys together for a practice to prep for our first show on 12/28 !
why is it when someone is in a pissy mood im the target in which they decide they will take it out on :/ fml
we balled hard agian today ! also i can still bench more then dave
on one hand , oscar = overt sexism celebration (and racism) - given awardees , red carpet tradition , etc (1/2)
i go to school where students are higher than their grades .
look at today ! go sit in the sun ! has a fabulous outdoor patio !
if i'm with you , i'm with you until the end
thanks ! i'm going to see if i can get away with the free account
you're welcome !
rackers is also an ex-bengal/bungle . is it a surprise he choked ?
rose's are red vilots are blue things are so hard and so r you #more2come rt if u like dem
i think channel 192 is the nhl radio .
quick to say i love you , but how do they treat u ? .
how dare you .
just a few days til huge mission hills community garage sale . 80+ homes all over this beautiful san diego neighborhood . see you saturday !
hundley sucks . so ready for
happy all you can eat wings night , lube nation ! give us a shoutout to your favorite location !
i have some over protected ass brothers and cousins lbfs
i made an instagram & i already forgot my username
1617- hmm what to say what to say ! i really miss our all day conversations about . . nothing ! your really pretty and always there for me ily<3
what a great first public workshop ! thanks to the san diego community for coming to support
yes we should ! why haven't we yet ? lol . and i just exploded with joy at the thought of a new $800 air !
will you text me sometime then ?
your a bigger poop head :*
simple eye exercises , regular check-ups and knowing what to ask your eye doctor can make a difference in your vision and eye health .
good evening fam :)
you got some nice work man . would love to chop it up with you sometime .
thx so much for the rt , mary ! susan
i already have . the past is the past , man .
hope everyone had a great #weekend !
mariners score twice in the 11th . a's have some work to do in the bottom half .
whole latte love - www.notesfromaglobalperspective.blogspot.com
wordswordswords : the south wouldn't be the same without country music.wordswordswords
we should collab ?
damn girl breathe . .tweets every 5 secs-
so many new fans and followers . ..it's exciting ! spread the word to all your friends .
sunday run : 15 miles on dirt roads in minnesota , pace ~ 7:45 . 1 ' snow on the ground . fun to run through isolated farms , except for the dogs
hang in there lol
ah that's disturbing
lord , thank you for keeping me focused on my goals ; for your daily reminder of how far i've come !
domestic beer+twinkies sounds amazing
" : #youknowyourebroke when forever 21 becomes " out of your budget" . " ' i'm gonna be honest , i only have $50 ' haha
and to make matters worse it isn't noon yet
what me ? never ! ( ;
thanks tom , great read . would be interested to try a few of those .
follow me ! no me ignores
i have no words .
welcome - we're growing a consensus club thnx for following !
jordan's fb like now ; 1.1 million . after gmyh and the new album , 2.0 would be cool ! !
man all the bottom of my tummy hurt ! .
haha love me some digital wizardry . ..you better tell me if u see a fire boat !
thanks . i'm working with ! a beautiful film !
you are stole my heart ! love you <3 :) x
haha , for once ! ;d
really ? that's so sad ! what happened , do you know ?
in a park at belmont & the river .
the birds (1963) , the killer (1989)
well i got company on the way gnite twitter . be on da look out 4 my first video , aintisentimental its very organized,s/o one nine , great job
lol look at my last tweet ( :
don't blame you ;)
drarry i ship it .
it was an honor to speak last night in the #sibaw class at #dukeuniversity . thanks to the students and to , tim and mary . wow .
it was aight . . wasn't really feelin it . . but snoop has a unique style . guess that's what makes him consistant
exhibit ambush is transforming the runway into an extravaganza
question for romney : if elected , will you pursue treason charge against president #obama ? if not , why ? ok that was 2 questions .
slammed right in front of our turn! ! #surreal ! !
i think that's so cool .
when tempted to fight fire with fire , remember that the fire department usually uses water .
looking forward to running into you !
it's thundering so bad you guys i can feel the walls shaking
you dont have enough ! stop wondering and go to nasas website .
not sure why i'm surprised . . . foggy morning in the bay area , a few layers . now at mid afternoon and i'm regretting wearing a sweater .
' 80s after-party tonight for #igniteraleigh at ? ! ? you know you wanna see my ' 80s prom dress! ! !
woot , it's avengers time !
little things like what ?
happy birthday .
save the date ! - " phame is a cabaret! " takes the stage thurs , aug 16 , 7 pm at artists repertory theatre in portland ! !
follow me back ? .
thanks for the like ! we need company on the road !
made a wish at 12:34 pm today i'd be sleeping before the next 12:34 . guess that wish didn't work .
where you going ? :-)
ashton kutcher was at the kentucky derby . . . .
i just love the maturity level of twitter .
are you trying to steal my woman . . . ? she'll do anything for frozen dessert . . .
having a one-person petty party right now . love it .
just woke up to a beautiful day . . . . . to bad i got to go to work . s$huks !
yo where my copy of snappassippi ? we can do an even exchange my " substance abuse " for ur tape . .lol
hey just touching base . ..i didn't get the info if you emailed it to me
my lonely ass
flipped through channels & saw a cnn doc on bin laden & then wrote an essay abt how much he messed up the world
hermain cain a black white supremist you be the judge the real tea party - gop agenda put a black face to their beliefs
not viewing video on savebluth.com on itouch-can eli post actual youtube url ?
if you had balls , people would ask " how's it hanging ? " so in that case shut up and cook .
today is the only day we can actually change the direction of our life . we cannot change yesterday nor tomorrow so let's use our day wisely .
@ nyu in class now !
rt : hey . . . thanks for the shout . looks like you've made a fantastic documentary . hope everyone watches: . . .
current tab up on #chrome - the ' albino squirrel preservation society . ' i'd pay someone a lot of money to trace how i ever ended up there .
please feel free to call me ! 443-904-6743
subtweet is your best skill kid
thank you as well . my flight on #klm was great . :) not so much on other airlines last week .
the holy spirit is flowing thru unity li as a spiritual revival bringing light , peace , healing and prosperity to all whose lives it touches .
let me see you do your pretty girl twerk .
lucky for you , i'm undecided . . . about everything.<3
i should probably start my work .
try again , she worked during the civil war , she would be more than 100 .
time to go #vote !
the #bruins are a disappointment . sad to see the state they are in right now . . .
rerun of the unit i'm watching supposedly set at pine bluff arsenal , arkansas . that's so not arkansas terrain !
i just loled
did you get your issue ?
i need it . where do i buy ? !
you should work at subway when ur older . tht way , u can eat subs whenever you want!( : hehee
looking 4 more support for our fledgling facebook page : please search on " memorial branch los angeles public library " & give us a thumbs up !
blessed is he who has found his work ; let him ask no other blessedness . thomas carlyle
you don't never come see me
baning some big gignatic . ..great concert
amtrak running smoothly on the " escape baltimore for new york " caper . ..looking forward to being " snowed out! "
oomf's so cute !
im proud of u too !
how is everybody ?
thanx for liking my fan page ! you rock! ! !
- great ! how'd you like them ?
packing for the iug conference in anaheim . not sure i'll ever be ready .
the lovely brought in homemade ginger snaps , pita bread , & humus today . i wish office day was every day .
so the drained one in dawns purse is not from fayes family ?
i skip mine according to who it is lol . i always read yours :3
an old favorite , for sure . rt : #foodiechats easy , peanut donuts
lol so much for the movies wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
good morning america . quite dark over here already in indonesia .
#pdxtst raining cats and dogs in camas
groupon's offering 60% off a relationship-focused hypnosis session . if your relationship needs hypnosis , you're doing something wrong .
just went to opening of the dennis hopper exhibit at moca . julian schnabel curate and gave a nice speech on hopper and the exhibit was great
well if you like nick breezy better than nicholicious then maybe consider changing your username to iconickbreezywordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
who inspires you the most ?
omg i know ! i'm chewing her ass out on facebook though
nice to meet you as well . i cannot respond to your email until you follow me .
watching colleen , a 1936 musical starring dick powell , ruby keeler , and (sigh . ..) joan blondell , with songs by harry warren and al dubin .
you are quite wise , my friend .
thats awesome wheeler
hahaha slick , i miss you too text me
oohh had a lovely sleep and rest :)))) loool x .
a teenager (a generation removed) just asked me : why should we mourn 1 when a mil die everyday ? i said we should mourn 1mil & 1 .
watch the barca-madrid in salamanca and get free pizza in via
it's okay lol
goal before florida : dont get arrested .
how aren't you one ? !
but tell me what the hell do they know about death if they are still alive
thank you . i think this is to help promote the film and all the other merchandise that target is selling .
i wish it was that easy !
so a glass of wine and cuddle up in my bed alone , movie night all night . . .
what up hommie
feel better xo
find me there as styledelights :-)
we are welcoming spring with open arms ! hurry spring !
3 more test till i'm done with spanish 2 online!!!!!!!!!! ! #success!! ! !
you should follow me on viddy even though i won't post
walking outside and instantly debating whether or not to wear underarmour to our game/practice .
people never learn
follow for great insight on the new nike nfl uniforms .
ya'll are so awesome for following us ! thank you!! ! !
#whydoialways have songs i don't ever listen to stuck in my head ?
so its the last class before the final and we are watching a movie on how toy story was created . . . nice !
nice job jackson !
watching mork & mindy - robin williams is a riot
that paycheck is gonna be massive tho . can't wait to see it . definitely gonna treat myself to an overdue vacay .
there's a dude at the bar reading " winning a local election for dummies " .
please , nobody text me anything about the pens game tonight as i won't be watching it until much later .
any tips for increasing arm strength besides long toss ? comin off broken arm and trying to get back to full strength
i'm sure that'll be in a couple of weeks too
how many out there are with me when you are here for multiple reasons and not just to be a clown ! , i am advertising , i am outsourcing ,
hey man i am not far behind you . talk is i will have a embedded defibrillator in my chest soon .
manu report : column : manchester city ends unitedwordswordswordss reign and starts the revolution with a bang wordswordswords washington post
i lost my star of david necklace . . . wordswordswordswordswordswords
and knowing their track record what ever decision they make will be a mistake . #redskins are the #nymets of free agents
lol i went without appointment doe
can't make up my mind . . . ..cut some bangs or no . . . .aghh decisions
just me and you
author anne patchett has opened an indie bookstore in nashville . it is an understatement to say that she is bucking the tide . bravo !
i'm doing amazing! ! how are you , you sexy momma ?
happy monday everyone from us at
i want to be an a capella harmonica player .
maybe they feel unpretty
hey knick game on now !
went 2 a party w . drunks . got home @ 2:30am last night . what a night ! had the ' don't drink ' speech from my mom .
let's go wolf ! lead the brewers to a victory today - we're due ! on a one game losing streak . . .
very close observation to the starships video lmfao
freaked out when i heard that album is gonna be out on my birthday! ! i kn what im asking for!!!!!!!! ! !
that either means " do i know you " or something else . i'm not up on my acronyms i guess . meaning ?
we're moving back into the newly restored nas building at 2101 constitution ave nw soon . exciting ! you'll be able to visit in june .
i think it's my fave season , too , actually . and that moment is so . ..you know . ..yes !
i know . .
what is this wordswordswordsprimewordswordswords thing ? wordswords andy soffer
bro i need to see u first send me a pic
srsly ? i had the window open and ready to go . that was insanely fast .
i got your tweet !
remember when rodgers came in vs dallas a few years back . . . .flynn is gonna kill it
1000 tweets , sucka . hope the blog this twitter account killed is happy with itself .
nnl* stat today re : pujols going 37 consecutive abs w/out a hr 28 other times in his career (including 105 last spring) was legit
up up and away
yes what time ?
#suspendweber simple as that
princess boy posed the entire time on stage . fuscia is the new black
some go to high school and others go to school high .
agreed ! very tough category . rt : :( nicole had the hardest choices to make . over 30s have the best talent imo .
don bentley
paulie's pub in west allis tonight !
#teamfollowback i follow back ! i will not unfollow you( :
last time i'll be able to have in-n-out for a while . ..</3
we're launching this year in the us after 40 years in the european retail and designer market , have a look at our website .
credit card issuing in the us industry market research report now available . . . - san francisco chronicle (press release)
feelin hot hot hot! ! !
knock on wood !
can't wait for opening day ! !
thanks ! and your's too !
:-) good on you peter !
sometimes when trying 2 hard to prove a point , you blind yourself from noticing you started off on the wrong foot to begin with .
rise n grind everyone ! update tonight ! get stoked !
va is too early to call ? when it was just mitt vs . ron ?
guys , good manners & chivalry still win the ladies over ! and grooming . . . take abit of effort here , you will be well rewarded !
i'll be sure 2 check out those videos . there's not much going on at work right now i could use something 2 pass the time lol
.yeah the allstate guy will plan a heist to progressive soon after using state farms magical powers .
paper mag huh ? you guys are keepin it hip . . .
thanks for helping us spread the word ! a good carpenter is like a good baker--priceless ! haha!! ! :)
well i love you <3
you're so bain
thanks for spreading the word !
lol , i'll tell her before its too late
:d i heard you were going away . :(((
tommy oliver (producer) and cassandra freeman (actress) of " kinyarwanda " are in town !
my gramma just saved my life from a flying cockroach . haha thank's gramma .
tell morgan to get twitter then . and to the milk comment , i can say it how i want since i've milked cows .
why do you have genesis at the end of your name ? oh and bc of
this is true . and my fave character isn't even a stark . but i can't help but wonder where all the stark-smiting comes from .
why is everyone mad at me ? shouldn't i be mad at you ?
welcome to the divine network . kingdom building at its finest ! !
aint bit mo
rt : getting ready to go party with in palm bay
ok , nice . thnx for chat- gotta run , crap load to do . . . .ny bureaucracy , here i come
that's something you should brag about on facebook so your mom can see . unless you're trying to build up cred on your stoner acct
thanks isaac ! i think you are a really cool game as well !
call me zeeko
austin's working on abs ? oh hell yes , show me some .
sherrod martin's tackling ability is exemplary .
you may know this already but it *is* geena's voice- they dubbed hers and kits in elderly lady scenes
" it'll be a coolsaster! " <--mad love for tina fey's portmanteau of " cool " and " disaster "
coming out of my tree at the summons of to follow - still faithful ;-)
i love you! ! you are beautiful mrs . mini voyles( :
never been so heated in my life as i was today . wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
lula washington dance theatre joins us at the hillman center in 3 weeks ! check out their performance in the blockbuster hit avatar! . . .
" battleship " is going to be the worst movie of all time . if you decide to pay actual money to see it , i will forever think less of you .
they just said iconic on abdc . . . don't say iconic unless the boyz are coming out
mom & dad are stuck in portland until monday . i just landed in cleveland . have an hour layover and then home! ! stay safe & dry everyone .
wtf chmura ? ! get out of the tub! ! !
george shelton , dept . of hhs , ever success we have is tied p how well we work with the states .
#rachelsaudition i cried :'(
if you don't have a mind of your own , your scared to be yourself .
not much hoping to get more pics for our collage . have you heard about it ?
i was hit on by a 12-year-old while walking around my neighborhood today . :|
problem is we'll never know when it really ends . ownership will fudge the numbers even beyond the point of believability .
wordswordswords a man is known by the company he organizes . -a . #bierce #afbwordswordswords
" 'what do you mean , " if i can " ? ' jesus asked . ' anything is possible if a person believes.' " mark 9:23
i wasn't alone . who do you think took the picture . that would have been really sad . . . .hahaha !
people who sing out of tune should be deported and shipped to their own island .
giving blood today (not my own) .
everyone go see the pic of deb noonan winning supreme ! it is priceless !
mmk kaay ill tell ur cousin isiah to follow you and ill tell my moms brother corey daughter to follow you ill tell everybody 2
food show ! manager teams will compete for their chance to win a tailgate party and tix to a brew crew home game ! go team ari !
gay people are drama queens ! lol
tell the truth and #getitoffyourchest i cant stand a liar .
love your tumblr
ohh . . but u will find a guy soon monique trust me ur beautiful inside and out the guys at our skool r juz stupid
nothing going on this am ? stop in 2 learn more about your wireless device at our free device workshop today 730am-900am
super grateful to have people in my life that truly love me and support me .
(3/5) along with financing the production , 10% of your contribution will also be donated to (rape , abuse & incest national network)
$dnad stalling today , but could see some real gains soon . . .
tonight at varsity bar ! the unicorn league sessions and casey hubble . music starts at 6:30 . no cover !
mint is wildly popular & a good place to start . also check out the community & tools at
i time bomb
watching always makes me hungry
seriously impressed by #halftimeshow . way to go
does anyone know why fincher started off " the girl with the dragon tattoo " with what looks like a rejected stabbing westward video ?
if you want an editor to pick up on your story . research their twitter and see which editor's lifestyle relates to your story
oregon sports authority ceo drew mahalic will be the guest tonight on sports sunday , on kgw tv right after sunday night football . . .
at runway with billy gardell . we got ryan !
! its two of my favorite movies ! i can't wait to see william powells eyebrow . . .
plus the rg crowd was electric as opposed to the memphis crowd being shocked . small nod to clips for road game and time remaining .
begin each day anticipating problems , asking god to equip you for whatever difficulties you will encounter .
my mom imed me on fb , and told me i was a loser . .
great ! go to the oriental theater tmrw 1:30 pm . wear some embarc gear . my buddy kennedy will meet ya with tix .
go you , mon . adventures in cooking are fun .
the tooth fairy has gone too far this time! . .curse you perry the platypus! . ..lol wait wrong show!& this is w/out the knock outgas
we have a problem -__- so mad !
aw man lol wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
3 things : 1 . thank you for talking me off the ledge tonight . 2 . i appreciate your friendship . 3 . don't keep score .
looking forward to some modern cuisine talk tonight . my mind is starving !
last day of high school tomorrow . idk if i'm excited or really upset .
" projected markets"- beyond government or comm sats , where are the markets that justify investment in new space companies ?
thanks for the welcome ! i look forward to seeing you in pa !
hi smart man ! thanks for responding ! !
my pleasure ! (literally) . ;-) thanks for the mention . it was an honor and privilege to have been chosen ! love
monday's are rough for me bro i'll do it thoigh
how has this played out on campus ? and what role does #scholarlycomm play ?
i just got done playing that ! it pisses me off too much !
said it " makes the invisible visible . " i say stop by and see my colonial revival door ! " american style "
lakers really ? kobe shoulnt even be compared to jordan ! i hate the lakers tho lol
working on a new school program about kids in 1900 phoenix , and a free history children's program about medicine in territorial arizona .
really hope somebody punches garnett in the face tonight
far more seemly were it for thee to have thy study full of books , than thy purse full of money . john lyly
who is to say who's ugly and who's not ?
let's go #tigers , verlander as an underdog is something you don't see often
a little cake on the radio , a little commute on the highway . many worse ways to burn a morning !
i agree! ! " : i just love the american pickers-i think it's just fantastic to see them encourage young people two learn-pick & . .
lol cool . that looks pretty cool but looks complicated hehe
interesting thought : when you are split between hope and fear on any issue in life , you will be plagued with stress and worry
dream start for the #nyr!! ! !
our goal is to help clients solve business problems in this digital world .
convinced audit team to put the thin mints in the freezer . what would they do without me ?
follow me alex <3
how facebook and twitter help sound the official earthquake alarm
i'm that way whenever i wake up lol !
meeting in the offices hammering out the future of exciting times !
hi dear !
rt : congrats to the haven graduates that walked the stage tonight ! best wishes for a successful ans hope filled future !
hard at work preparing for the braves live pregame show , which starts in less than 10 minutes on sportsouth . tune in .
doing the sales thing at broadway video
redhawk parkway is closed , no million dollars for me tonight :-(
so it seems i'm getting a bolland jersey instead of a belfour onewordswordswords i'm still good with that
just had lunch with cara and her gma :)))
that sounds great nice to see you at whole foods this evening . i will figure out where we met before , one of these days . :)
illinois can't afford the money to print the words " insurance exchanges " on an inkjet printer .
lol i guess
aye i steped on a apple jack . . . ..now do that make me a cereal killer
day 65 of 100 : i am thankful for the tree that knocks gently in my window
i see twitter has killed , yet again .
i know you're coming with the worst intentions . bring the flood
psa- portal 2 is $6 on steam . oh wait . everyone owns it already because it's the greatest game ever made .
sounds like a plan to me ! i'll tell my buddies . :)
my txts mess up every time my fone dies
hey what,ups heard was single
i'm so grateful for pinterest this year . takes the guess work out of mother's day .
write tiny twitter poems ! as @ replies . it can be your next chapbook .
it's hard work finding good san diego tweoples . thanks to those of you who follow back .
quite obvious if you ask me .
house of mouse : first opened in 1955 .
yes yes yes ! c/o 2016 :d
nice ! can you shoot me your email address ? thank yo !
lmao yeah they gotta do better than this
no problem bear lol:) how are you doing ?
for real ? man thats really nice to hear that just made my night . 100%
2 ways to play in hollywood , on a winning team , or a losing team . pick the right one !
who is it ?
it's so annoying . . i hate it
thank you for the follow !
i should take you . ..even tho i don't know were it is;)
would have been nice to get at least one of these b-more games . need to take two from arizona .
i intend to win it .
get over what tho ? ! if you called me annoying i would like to know why .
live life to the fullest
the boy now likeskaty parry , raekwon and phish -- must be mine
purple rhino is available for $35 and 8th all day today @ tea pot lounge
wordswordswords soul-mates are people who bring out the best in you . they are not perfect but are always perfect for you . wordswordswords
boneshaker will be closed tomorrow . happy labor day !
oh fancy
open today , sunday , may 6 from 10a to 5p for early voting . come by after church services or brunch . we'd love to see you !
i misspoke . its alief bang thats reopening this weekend . not s r & tapes .
something's burning !
the tattoo looks great ! congrats on 6 years of freedom !
the name of my memoir : rt i shouldn't be watching tv . but i am .
and im gonna start being one of the eyebrow penicl girls :)
de la garza is begining to annoy me .
my mom always has excuses for not going to church but always forcing me to go . smh
thank you fans ! you did it ! 1000 likes ! onward and upward , yours truly , traveler
watching monday night #raw with my son is fun tonight !
so fun seeing you two yesterday ! and i'm not just saying that b/c of the swords .
5th time's the charm ? thanks for coming !
so instagram is like twitter w pictures ?
(parody) the jacksons -- oprah interviews the jacksons | library . . .
youtube " deb spoons perry" . ..if that doesn't kill some time , i don't know what will
pretty sure i can do one of those . hint : mike doesn't allow for an extension . i'll get on it today taxesshmaxes .
show measurability of a sustainable program ! rt question of the day : how do you get social media buy in from your executive team ?
no more man card thanks to
i been looking for love in all the wrong places so i've decided ill wait for god to send it my way # patientlywaiting
once you know better , you do better .
downloading lion to my new mac pro !
metta starts with self .
wearing my belt backwards today omg so crazy!! ! !
wheen youu in your feelings n ppl keep tryna to talk to youu < <
seriously though y'all got phones or gchat or something right
just take a breath !
if you want a guarantee , buy a toaster .
i got the account unsuspended yayyy :)
tx rt making books sing
florida became the 27th state on this day in 1845 .
i wish i had a british accent . . . :/
*kisses lips * i bet u cant wait :)
um done wit yall
i miss ! and i'm a neighbor ! we really need to hang soon . . .
after years to trying to figure out women , i'm giving up and moving on to a much simpler subject . quantum physics .
you know email personalization goes too far when they use my full name , including middle name , in the subject line .
i'll tweet again as soon as possible . wordswordswords love you guys !
lohh u should not be so damn ugly boy jp
poblano and chicken chowderish soup tonight for #mondayfunday yahoo its gonna be delicous !
where can we find her articles ?
had so much fun last night with we partied like rockstars!lol
calling all smartphone users ! a historymiami smartphone app is in the works ! more details coming soon .
two trailer park whores go around the outside , around the outside , around the outside ! #eminemmoment xd
if my mf girlfriend go to sleep on me one mo time
totally , completely obsessed with mob wives , love and thank you for introducing me to the show !
sales manager position #businesdevelopment in #dallas #texas #hiring #local #food #sales send #resume to
i'll concede there is a " hey , kids , get off my raised concrete garden! " sentiment to his piece .
reasonstobeatyourgirlfriend . ..it should be
if anyone is already on board to start #ultimatereset and is looking for a support group , we have one started on fb ! dm me for details
rt : what you seek with all your heart you shall find , as long as you stay patient , what you seek will find you .
was ever an option ?
thanks ucla for stepping up and playing some d . . . 15-1 on day one , i'll take that any year .
why is twitter different ! ?
making coffee cake today (for the first time!) hope it's yummy .
i thought you were a comedian , like jack handey .
they need to get jason bourne to take him out rt chris webb must be stopped now .
what is everybody doing this weekend in lyons ? i bet is has something to do with music ?
there are way too many things wrong with that . lol .
i cringe when i see or hear that .
ray ray singing lol
in the studio makin the songs ya'll partyin and bs'n too , #onmygrizzy!! ! !
austin mahone yeah , yeah :)
ah yes , those were the days . *wistful sigh*
the time is now ! get your bogo #pxysj tix until 1pm at the continental school of beauty on jefferson rd in henrietta ! go go go !
houston we are expanding our network of sponsors ! get in contact with us !
wayne township fire dept . , impd investigating fatal hit and run crash at manhattan st and west mccarty
use paper bags rather than plastic to store lettuce and celery in the crisper . they will stay fresh longer .
looks like olivo's turn to take the reins , as figgins , mesa , delucia & schooler did before him .
rt : come check out my directorial debut 2nite 4 ' s booking signing ! four scenes performed 7-10
birthday babe so sweet and beautiful , showing off some sexy dance moves at right now ! get it girl !
happy birthday , #facebook !
ouch ! i burnt my finger with a curling iron earlier and it still hurts really bad ! ) :
thank you for your support and compliment . hope that you enjoy making the chocolate bread pudding . ..and the other recipes .
it's quite an entertaining sight . .even more now that u know the backstory .
there are no failures . just experiences & your reactions to them .
so it looks like both diet and exercise can really decrease the effects of aging on your neuromuscular junctions
last random thought : my productivity in life will increase dramatically , now that i have seen every episode of game of thrones .
sotomayor cartoon : " i disapprove of what you say , but i will defend to the death your right to say it . "
ha ha ha what can i say . . . .
#no lie im not over him :(
: so cute!! ! kinda freaks me out because that was the year i graduated . ugh . happy bday to your mom:) .
mexican food is the best !
gfd brewers . back to the bucks game
sure is . we don't know what we have ' til it's gone !
#threewordsforyou lemon , assonance , & protoplasm
knock knockwho's there !athena !athena who ? athena reindeer landing on your roof !
you became a celebrity after you got that #ff from , lol .
in addition to not having any cell phone service , i also successfully killed my office computer for a few minutes .
hi god , u know what to do for missik at this moment , so i am already thanking you for the answers and a calm and peace mojo 4 her
aww thanks :) and no it's just alex . jackie hasn't been on this account in a while . it's actually been almost 6 months since
if you dont make a constant effort to be with me or talk to me i'll lose interest in you just saying .
barnes : " [o]ur perceptions of . ..disability are coloured by a deep-rooted psychological fear of the unknown , the anomalous and the abnormal . "
having mixed emotions
i want 2 know about hair color=) it's a personal choice , freedom , parent&child decision/responsibility/issue .
enjoy ! it's beautiful !
following butto and tiger news in columbia
i love you bl !
there aren't alot of people i genuinely dislike . . . . but i managed to find one this week and i must say its a frustrating feeling .
awesome ! we love vince-so talented and his pieces are so versatile .
she said this aint that vs cuz everybody know ha secret , she said this that bed bath and beyond . . . .
hey #cville . . . where can i buy some small succulents suitable for terrariums ? also , mini ferns ?
well probly going to put a vid up cause im bored and practicing so why not-tamya:p
i can't talk , so i like to type ! gave me a voice . i used to do back flips and dunk . now i do back flips , dunk & tweet .
i have made a vow to myself to remove all drama and negativity from my life . . . ."no one is exempt "
bought the tickets boo :d wordswords29.97 overall ;) we're going to see kigh ! x
agreed . not sure what's going on , but i like it! ! rt mild weather in cle isn't just different , it's downright bizarre .
getting ready for my first knicks game ! tweet me things not do to at a knicks game :)
thanks for the follow !
things are rockin ! at this little library for little people and their big people . 45ish people is the space of an ave liv/din rm . all good !
thanks , and that's great . good for you ! i'm currently pitching a few projects , hoping one gets scooped up .
feeling groovy
just remembered i need to borrow that book for the novel paper in ethics from you . probably should start on that mess .
i know a man who gave up smoking , drinking , sex , and rich food . he was healthy right up to the time he killed himself . -johnny carson
looking for a unique & yummy gift for mom ? rt 1 day left-10% off on spring floral cookies for mother's day ! fb.me/iqrdjgpd
wats good i'm at ya spot ?
did you know that in 2010 romney made $21.7 million , while in 2010 the average senior citizen received $14,000 in social security benefits ?
*passes out* that is the most i have ever danced ! o_o i need oxygen and a frappeeee !
tomorrow is the last real day of high school . . . omg .
i made the dean's list .
the window cling will stay up but may be hard to attach in the good window even for being on the inside .
jets no prob but the viqueens no way thats just being a dick
kk keep me posted
damn you kb .
no you are just on european time :d
thinking through ' development' , production of ' youth' , and the body as site of ' change ' .
[safety tip] this weekend avoid wearing barnyard animal costumes . drunken climpsun fans will be on campus and may get inappropriate ideas .
yup ! " : staring at your phone to avoid an awkward situation "
attend a high-enery live show & watch black dog prowl do their thang tonight i 8pm i $10 i
starting to not feel good :( #thiscan'tbegood
mom leaves for fla tomorrow . . . .so jealous!! ! !
follow da club
have a good night's sleep !
everyone go follow !! ! hes my best friend ! :) hes also single . . . .ladies
all beverage pouch sweatshirts are still on sale for $19.99 until february 1 at www.brewcityonline.com
well your you could do either !
sup tweeps ! anyone have an interesting figure from history for me to write a song about ?
thank you for making my life taste good ! #tablecrackers oh so yummy .
scoutin places for these video shoots .
please follow mewordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
get used to people hating , and wishing death to you , its all apart of the game you choose to play .
alfred runte and wilian cronon--that is more like it .
can't make up my mind if i should mo-hawk my hair last time or just go ahead and get the high-top fade for prom . .
bingo night! ! !
i aint even seen this .
there are books out there . i was just hoping i wouldn't have to leave the building to complete this project .
which includes (though is not limited to) a heavy preponderance of low-end market players and applications
national take your child to work day . i remember my old man took me to the post office . he was the boss . people were really extra nice .
" injustice anywhere , is a threat to justice everywhere."- dr . martin luther king jr .
high way bound yay
i'm rocking some gray as well but so is george clooney and know cares about his ! lol
thank you 4 following us ! if there was one tweet i could tweet about you or yr business , what would it be ? please dm me
oh my god same here . im trying next week .
thank you , my friend !
. ..what is the plan . .again ? !
thanks for the follow ^_^
have fun! ! (wish i were there . ..womp womp.)
morning meditation in the woods , feeling warmth and compassion , everything is going to be alright :)
cool man . you around today , i may try to stop by and say hey .
emanating . a beautiful word
dear lowes , if my purchases earned points , i so would have an extreme home make over saved up by now . . .
wordswordswords : what most americans want is a better life for themselves and their chldren , a small government , the chance to earn a honest dollarwordswordswords
wrapping up at #cil - we had such a great conference ! today only : all books at booth 430 are 50% off !
every night this week i walk down pine past paramount thinking " next week i get more seattleitized " seeing sun .
for context , i meant why am i wearing pants as opposed to shorts or a skirt . it's 80 deg in chgo rite now
idk he might be he might not and i dont wanna have a bunch of people bothering him . . . .
woo ! :) great album !
dallas most wanted album we doin tryna get as many dallas artist on it get at me on da biz tip got beats u kan pick from
the awkward moment when you're reading this and you don't tweet or follow me back :o
haha got to do whatever it takes
what up , rory . how've you been ? bet there was epic tweetfest between you & during finals . too bad your team won . ha !
open for lunch everyday at 11am !
maria dabbah once again at the forefront ! friday at 9 pm et will be send your questions !
glad the hurricane gusts have subsided .
junior , rip .
concierge desk isn't very helpful . all i want to know is why the us mint won't cast a portrait of my penis on a dollar coin .
my pleasure . i hope that truly is all it is . if u can help again let me know .
college football begins this week !! ! woo hoo .
quite annoying . .
i love you , not only for what you are , but for what i am when i'm with you.<3
are magazines on the same path as books ? - user generated tech . . .
is one of the most prettiest real girl on twitter
you should say : tengo que hablar espawordswordsol para tener mejores notas . we don't get good or bad marks for homework .
idc . this girl is annoying >.<
bobby v . - lights down low
rico's roughneckswordswordswordsballin '
awesome ! i can't wait for this cart to open !
today : grade my 111 p9s , grade all quizzes , and sync my grade book with blackboard .
rt : the more obvious wordswordswordswordswordswords are that #aquarius are annoying you , the more obnoxious they'll be .
sign up for snippets e-lerts at www.clefnotesjournal.com/subscriptions
#unitedair has no agents at lovefield to issue boarding pass & kiosk shuts dwn 1hour before boarding- missed my flight ! #warningtoflyers ! :/
shhh ! i'm trying to read mystyx #3 (mayhem) by !
this is a static age we live in .
yes ! would love to catch up ! i'm doing a-ok ; hope you are as well . often work from cville on fridays -- coffee sometime ?
we're here at the hiney child pop up shop having a blast!!! ! we'll be here til 930
" how i longed for word from home . " oh
he was incredible last night ! wordswordswords : still can't get over channeling his inner allen rossum #packerswordswordswords
life is not measured by the number of breaths we take , but by the moments that take our breath away . happy friday !
" the only man who has freedom , is he who has victory in death . " ~ elisha hale
he still says " sick " and " dog, " but sadly never when referring to a sick dog .
if you follow for me i will give you all a shout out :) go !
how are you fighting to dismantle institutional racism ?
that we might be justified by the faith in christ , and not by the works of the law : for by the works of the law shall no flesh be justified .
aye #dreamchasers2 was ok . first one was better ! i still got my money on he saving that #heat for #dreamsandnightmares aug . 28 !
if you are a true pens fan you follow
dodgers finally have new owners
heading home to charlottesville just to watch the steelers game with the family . we're a mini
check out new designs at www.ruthlesscultureclothing free shipping on orders over $50
life is the first gift , love is the second , and understanding the third
i dont have a comeback for that , thats a first .
#outofcontexttweet rt : face full of pussy
good night wordswordswords
problems we all have ! rt : i can't decide which scarf to west today . . . .
bout 2 step my twitter came up
goodby #sahara my first las vegas hotelwordswordswords
we play y'all today i play for bf
damn , you make me wanna stay on twitter now .
it's disability history week ! this week , we're counting down the top 10 events in disability history . which events stick out in your mind ?
yaw indy peeps ! get out in this nice-ish winter sat weather !
i know i'm not telling parents anything they don't know , but 15 month old twins are exhausting .
goodmorning everyone ! i hope you all have a great friday( :
q : whose digital advice should i trust ? says a strategist , practitioner and people who talk about business results .
movie marketing goes viral
drunk 608 got it in!! ! !
anyways someone should text my line
i've got 70 followers ? wow ! who knew ! anyway , i played duo last nite w/sean gough . damn , it was killin' , @ least 4 me . i'm gettin ' betta .
there needs to be a part 2 of shaun and/or hot fuzz please!! ! !
if you hear howling , you know where to find me . (wordswordswords.wordswordswordswordswords)
i miss the farmer's market at
wow! ! i wish we worked with you , mimi ! ever thought about getting into the trade association business ?
keep tweeting lynn . and people will follow you :))) ! <3
public internet outage at my library sparks greatest outbreak of computer solitaire since it shipped with windows 3.1 !
it must be fun live the tour life . you know partying all night then sleeping all day .
hell yea xdd
yeah , can u believe it ? lol . it's my only talent . lol
there are times when peeps get word vomit
found bday outfit had fun wit my sistas raven & love i love yall !
we've just arrived to forbes.com welcome home music lovers , welcome home
i plan to end the year surround by the people who made it so magical . can't wait to see what 2012 has in store !
heading to pittsburgh today for dan's wedding - and then to dca by 8am monday
oh ! break legs
i've always said a comfortable chair is the sign of a powerful executive .
probs due to my peer editing ! lol , jk you're pretty smart . good job!!!! ! wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
diamond again !
gd morning loves hope u have a bless day wordswordswords
lord , please disconnect me from the " he say , she say" . help me to focus on spreading the gospel , instead of the gossip !
start trending #bvbforsuperbowl or i will come and kill u ! haha just playing or am i ?
this just in : bob knight is an ass !! ! !
more like nets and raptors
we heard ! :) rt wordswordswords and . . . did you know portland cellist was referenced in avengers flick ? keep on pluckin'wordswordswords
fell out of a golf cart
my #memoir is done , now looking for an agent for it . yea !
omg need to see this
if only you were in atl you could watch me get weird out solo tonight !
don't know if i'll ever get over hearing arcade fire in mainstream commercial establishments .
the elitist gop has always done that .
south florida south florida . go bulls !
just met at forks drum shop in nashville !
big day at work today !
hey , thanks !
that last tweet must mean it's time for bed .
some crisp trivia is coming your way ! stay tuned for your chance to win some free stuff . . .
yay!! ! can't wait to have a big old piece ! i know it's gonna be delish! ! !
how do i deactivate an account if i forgot my password & made a fake email up for it . ?
not happy my phone not updating right! ! gone have to make a visit
so awesome ! looks like they had a great time .
just woke up :) happy mothers day!!!!! ! to all the moms out there . you've done so much for us since day 1 . thank you :) we love you! ! !
watching " butch cassidy " for the first time in honor of
listening to uncle
it must be a good idea , look at the size of that bulb ! :-)
yeah , she hasn't been on much but when she has they have her in a fat suit . lol
i feel like i'm missing out on so many opportunities , but not from a lack of trying . the ball just doesn't bounce the same for everyone .
stop what you're doing . take a deep breathe . now imagine what's possible for you this new moon cycle . enjoy !
rt : when the pain of change is less than the pain of staying the same we will change . ~ paul v harris
uf - gainesville bound in the morning for orientation! ! !
txt me
hey , thanks for that shoutout , yo .
i couldn't sleep because i was so excited . so proud of the clippers ! tomorrow game 1 are you ready ?
you win . and by win i mean lose .
in my opinion , kendrick lamar is too dope & exclusive to be on the radio .
#nyacce12 lisa lee and her ny colleagues are moving hard and fast to advance aecp in the empire state ! bright futures being made here !
actually sounds like a good reality show-old geezers returning to the scene of their original musical crimes . . .
i miss u mi amore ! !
can we talk about the importance of personal privacy without also addressing the need for personal publicity ?
after being denied my nerd-dom for several days , tomorrow is a #diablo3 marathon for me . finally . hoyven !
are you still mad at me ?
today i choose to remember all the wonderful things joe paterno did for people while he was here . rest in peace , joe .
yes . gave me chills .
how much prep are you considering ? beans , meat rice are cheap but need cooking .
who is going to penn quarter tonight for tnt ?
getting a tweet from would make my night!miobi taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guyswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
my daughter loves the steam roller . are you similar mr . er , miss ( ? ) machine ? :)
yeah buddy !
an animal`s right to the pursuit of happiness - wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
wordswordswords : oh you corrected my grammar again . tell me more about your social life.wordswordswords
master theatre teacher maurice lamee shares his observations and tips monolgues in his latest video . . .
went home to long island today for easter
#soulive couldn't be any cooler
vodka , sunnyd , nice bed , ceiling fan , and madea . . . .lmao . cute . :) i have enjoyed similar but sans madea , haha . aww (hug)
i want to swim with dolphins .
what does one pack for nyc/nj in may ?
didn't end up going to proof . the bday girl wanted to go somewhere near the restaurant . but i still have our pic from ' 09
too bad ! come back !
3 more hours .
diane kelly is a very engaging speaker .
yeah thats so true .
chilling here at lsp . . . every single person here clapping and chanting " i believe that we will win" . best pregame in country here in kc .
how do visitors want to interact with museum exhibits ?
check out
man why does he just keep talking
prof asked about finding review articles for cognitive science/psychology/philosophy . any tips for finding them ? (class is all freshmen.)
good morning tweedos ! :)
sensorship kinda sucks bro . .
why do people use hand motions when talking on the phone ?
yea im goin
i met a kid today who has two moms . he kept telling me " you the man "
you got a shoutout from about blogs turning into businesses at the #rtmedia summit
ok will play it soon , rt wordswordswords : that's what i wanna hear !!wordswordswords
" baby girl you know what i want let me do it to ya , do it to ya " been listening to that non-stop for 7 days!! ! !
metro 1 is currently seeking innovative web companies to participate in an rfp process for several exciting web projects . interested partiewordswordswords
today i had a talk w/ the sex doctor ( fliccrozay ) lbvs . he sware he know everything .
send me one ! i'll dm my address . you'll pay for shipping , right ?
how many timles have u seen the #brewers fail plate a run w risp and promptly get buried in next inning sheesh
aloha ! i just sent you an e-mail ! can't wait to hear back =)
one lacrosse game down , one more to go! ! go !
thx for following . are you a #civilwar #history ' buff ' ?
congrats--that looks like a great job !
#projectrunway 100% happy with the results . just like last week .
watched the last couple minutes of game 6 and post game hoopla again tonight . will i ever delete from the dvr ? not likely .
aww , cool . glad you enjoyed it ! great to see you again :)
is this what kids these days are saying ?
wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords , when did you first begin studying japanese ?
a night out in the city tonight . :)
next time you go to daily grill , will you get your regular or try something new ? what item ?
my fantasy is goin good . you might think im lame , but this is what i do on sundays
max pain i can't wait !
it took them quite some time to build that brand . it wouldve been foolish to just watch it fall apart .
thai-asean news network - ayudhya allianz c.p . hosts charity event to mark 61st anniversary
camping on madeline island and kayaking around the sea caves this coming weekend . i may need to make a trip to beforehand . . .
good times ! this should be a fun couple of weeks , always stand by the one you love , even with a swollen eye and all :)))
i wish the fireworks would stop so i can sleep .
wanna know what i hate ? when a person i talked to starts being friends with the person i talk to now . lmao
more like good night now lol :p
haas pitches a perfect fifth and the brewers finally get a hit on a single by gantner . he's then doubled up . still 4-1 in the 6th .
writing my heart out . :)
#favmoviequote " yes you deserve to die , and i hope you burn in hell!!! "
#weareyoung love that song ! makes me smile ( :
went 2 years ago for a wknd . ..so clean
if i could fast forward two weeks that would be awesome .
" parenting is a gift at any age . "
#ireallyhatewhen people keep having kids and can't take care of the one's they have .
they're apparently not accepting any more cell phones according to the link .
ugh preach ! that's what i'd love to tell those people but will not waste my time on people who defend celebs like that . .exactly .
where at ?
website's down : too many hits . love that ppl want 2 #dineout . check out this list 4 all rest in dmv
make sure you include bmorecycles in your #ff for us ! the more people that follow , the more people we can get to recycle !
i chose as " the right answer" . other people can come to a different answer . i'm not trying to attack religion , just saying it made
the vinyl mastering for the new ep is complete . . . one step closer . . .
thanks for organizing this lovely coffee klatsch at - some of
was in sarasota today , seattle tomorrow !
wordswordswords : got all the new songs in my head . hope you do too , soon.wordswordswords don't torture me like this
hell yeah ! !
human rights and transnational relations .
yea hehehe:) so what r u gonna do for valentines day ?
there's definitely room for improvement on it - should be an exciting project ! i'll be following along
what does it take for you to follow me back ? :-)
follow me for free!!!! ! !
it's not that i'm keeping anything from you or living in secret . ..it's just " my business " is none of " your business! "
finally a free time for a tweet ( : have a god night twitter peps <3 '
latinos discriminated by u.s . anglo #media because of our accents in english . latinos discriminate anglos because their accents in spanish .
" : hey finally #smwwdc is trending in washington . pat yourselves on the back , social media friends . " big ups dc !
very very ugly ! never mess with directioners!( :
7 #hospital taken cared of now his condition might just get worse . we hope someone at desert springs hospital take notice of this .
me too !
thank you so much ! this made my day , truly . sorry i have been away from twitterverse till now . very sweet of you to tweet !
whenever i go to the liquor store , i get the same feeling as going to a fireworks stand as a kid
#sandybealesasdadeals trend it :) x
bought my tickets to the orlando show dec 20!!! ! this show's gonna be all the rage! ! ( ; yes <333 //
have more chris brown songs than ever before <3#chrisbrownily <3;')wordswords
if love feels like a heart attack , why would chase after it ? !
omigosh! ! lucky! ! take a good pic of him please
you're so smart ! :)
will see what time ya going ?
andrew bynum is in thee zone !
badass . let me know what you think of it .
whew . gotta work on my tolerance for mau-mauing .
need new graphics for an existing display , installation & dismantling services , shipping , storage or on-site logistical services ? 2152799120
waiting on at circle center mall . this place just really doesn't change . not good , not bad , just is .
pro hockey .
thanks for following:) how are you ?
in honor of the almighty easter peep . . . ..did you know they have a shelf life of 2 years , cannot be dissolved in water and are fat free ! ?
oh , one more thing for the #catfish - keep the name out of your mouth , k ? thanks .
that's idiopathic .
do you miss him ? - retweet if someone instantly came to your mind .
well thank you . it was made especially for me
austin has too many people that are there just for him . i don't know if its good to have him back . they dont care about the others . i <3wordswordswords
obama biden yard sign ordered . should be interesting with all repug neighbors . i'm up for the challenge !
do undergrads still try to be clever by ripping out the middle pgs in bluebooks ?
someone is going to get hurt if doesn't fix this
let's do this ! !
well said .
would love to see what you come up with ! congrats again ! !
gogo down the line ! here's braunie !
hey hey go !! ! rock it tonight !
taking time for a movie . hunger games
#wordoftheday you carp , i fidget . -thanks larry !
caps are finally playing the hometown team after 3 years . watch out bruins !
smith : rose quarter must move in mixed use direction .
smoke break
wordswordswords : good morning another day to move closer to your dreamswordswordswords . . . . dreamchaser
im following awesome peoples . my wife and i love him and who else oh you if you want hehehehe yay!!!!!!!! ! !
i swear . some people in class sound like they are high all the time .
i'm in the mood for a flash mob . . . .
cheated on myself & sought out the results on before west coast result show finished--i'm happy with outcome ! :)
#ohwell #lame i'm having an 80's flashback
saturday students , do not come to class tomorrow ! laguardia has canceled all classes and events for august 27 and august 28 .
become a force for all to reckon with . live what u believe ! w/ no fear of being exposed ! no where to go from here , but down ! l mc & d lee
yes but i am waiting till after thanksgiving :)
hope u fill betta
robert cunard just confirmed a large booking for a mercedes benz ad!! ! so happy for my model! ! !
rally for ross ! join team ross & actor/activist danny glover tomorrow/sunday at 11 am at 24th & mission !
how much are the action kits ? ! ? ! ?
ahahaha hahahahaha johnny i swear you're the funniest !
i want him to follow me
i will not tip toe through life to safely arrive at death . join extreme moms today and start truly living . extrememoms.org
hey jory king how r u
6th annual chili cook-off today! ! i am going to pair our yummy domaine haegi dry riesling ! bring on the spice ! !
new!! ! we now have 3.5 x 2 stickers at the same great price as our flyers !
i actually hadn't hear of #pinterest (shame on me) , it looks interesting & fun though !
having a fun time hanging out at cwu ! !
follow me got bored with it for a cpl years but im back on
went on a 2 mile jog after lifting ?
man if i can get one thing through anyone's head in this life . ..it's to love and to forgive . the basic principals of happiness .
rt : p.s . cupcakes are ok at chernobyl . #fyi <--good to know .
you text someone . . . . . like anyone , just pick someone and text them . . . ;)
am heading 2 bed . . . thanks 4 a gr8 chat !
it was like a scene from a movie , crazy .
who wants some ronald tonight ? ! ? ! ? !
you obvi . never had cookie dough ice cream . .
nothing like a sunday morning phone call from a bunch of actors who don't know how to use the stow ' n go seats in the university van .
#americanhorrorstory = #stoopid s t o o p i d .
watched #thewantedonidol tonight & . . . . . . you are such a flirt ( ;
quite sure the pix with ian will catch your parents attention .
looking into getting a new jogging stroller . . .
hi jess i'm looking for a uc student or alumni to join my startup (cofounder) send me an email
all achievements , all earned riches , have their beginning in an idea . - napoleon hill
" put a light at the end of your tunnel "
found my keys !
just got an email about hu graduation celebrations , if it's anything like homecoming . ..i'll be far far out of town .
on the metro north and almost home to spend the weekend w/ my parents in ny . been a long time since i've been back to montrose .
thanks for all the great work you do to feed our community !
winter part 2 .
dini is taking over my life . to much bio for one test
fans rushing the pitch ! love it !
we were having a discussion about ereaders & what some of our favorite books are , so we thought we would expand the conversation
why do i even bother glancing at msm ? it usually only leads to potentially damaging my tv and/or remote . . .
exactly . :) too bad they never pay attention to us , for real . i would so change that if i could . :)
watching adele clean up tonight gives music hope . you don't need to dress crazy and have ridiculous hair to make an impact .
just want you to know that the only people i send bday tweets 2 are attractive , intelligent & incredibly sexy individuals
a broken clock only works twice a day ~
rt : looks like in addition to maryland , winning tickets were sold in il and ks . 640-mil divided by 3=still really rich .
rt : what bottles are you looking for ? hopslam
nice #leighsteinberg interview wish you could question congress & get candid results like that . . .
okay thank you for letting me know
as i figured , told you to f'me .
ok phone out of power watch for 224 number
under the sea hawaii joins the hawaii tourism association
armwood editorial and opinion blog : msnbc tv : romney too afraid . . .
these finals are gonna be the death of my grades!!! ! !
happy birthday avril lavigne ! i hope someone gave you a #levilowrey cd !
yes i ams :-) went straight to the mechanic and called erik and now im waiting for him #areyouleaaaaving ? ;d
got the lead again
we have a handful of #flex / #actionscript #developer #jobs in #seattle . bit.ly/ddn0wq
- indeed . this is a tragedy that reflects a hidden hatred that many carry within.hopefully truth will prevail .
how are you today ? follow me ? :)
will do that tomorrow .
is there a tap takeover tonight ? ! " yes " would be nice , " all day " would be better and " all drafts $1 " would be ideal !
home rune scare ? please advise .
#ufc136 going to b good ! :)
chopped in my zone text my line
bucket list #345 : jet ski down the tranquil canals of vince , italy .
wealth is finding love in yourself . wealth is finding an unlimited amount of divine energy at the core of your being & sharing it w/everyone
waiting on my phone call.!!! ! the suspense is killing me.! ! #cheerleader . ! !
such a pleasure to talk to folk fired up and ready to go out to talk about presiden obama's values and accomplishments . .
bouts to go get my hurrrrrr & nails done ! wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
" the woman who got you elected . ..so go be the man i voted for " yes olivia
best thing i've heard all night . xd
" to act is to be committed , and to be committed is to be in danger . " james baldwin , the fire next time
better to be hurt by the truth than comforted with a lie
not sure what you mean but im not sure if twitter is the place to discuss technical site processes . dm
or is that an iphone pun ? otterbox ?
going to take my mommy out to eat( : i love you mom happy mothers day.!<3
when you want the next time to be .
support my man #romany in #thinklikeaman ! his good work shows !
these are big issues . i'm thinking of potential value one day .
. how can we make #datacite easy/scalable/& increase sci quality ? need solutions , it is clear why it isn't happening !
5,000 4x6 postcards only $199 - mention tweet and get 100 12x18 color posters ! check out our site www.800printingnyc.com - new york city
sorry! ! just followed . hope you are having a good day ! !
thank you for the shout out . hope you float on your cloud right into the new year! ! !
i haven't seen 11.10 , but i hope it's not worse than 11.04 . had to go back to ubuntu classic interface
erin say johnny cupcakes !
rt sadly , dreams for a san francisco bay area world's fair in 2020 are dead . 2025 anyone ?
there's nothing more heavenly that guacamole done right ! ( : but at a non-mexican spot ? bomba ! giving it up to #honeybadgercafe <3 inalhambra
man it's a lot of ignorant folk out here , and it feels like i deal with all of them on a daily basis
if you ladies are looking for some arm candy , i've got plenty of kit kats tucked in this shoulder holster
happy birthday to ! #winethursday ? ;)
thanksfor the love and the diner breakfast , burlington - off to northampton now
how did your clean-up go on saturday ?
if you're on my mind can i drive in the carpool lane ?
something i've not seen on the subway till now : guy rolling 1 of those lint removers up and down trouser legs .
there's a whole little universe here on twitter , isn't there ? how does one keep up with it w/out resigning to live in it ?
who am i kidding , everybody is crazy .
#owif : i need to go on the lam and escape this posse , but all i have in my pocket is a leatherman and four different kinds of skittles .
#nw - don't trip . . . he ain't through on in yellow church hat !
i want to go home already , expecting to record another story
its not a scam . quite the opposite . google us . just launched to the world . 400+ retailers
good morning! ! another cold day ! looking forward to summer . busy day , i hope everyone has a wonderful day
gov scott walker a sheep in koch clothing .
im textin u goofy u aint gettin a good night mention u get a good night text or phone call
that was so random i almost didn't believe it . ..but it made my day nonetheless . ..lol

at thompson park in arlington supporting karl warren for arlington city council , district 1 , beautiful day for a picnic . . . .
i was in the drive-thru , but i could hear it in the tone of her voice : " are you _sure_ that's what you want ? " kinda funny .
he lies . she cries . he's not sorry , but he apologizes . she complains , he doesn't change . but yet , she still stays . "
you are so #chapstick . :d
why do people sing and rap in the hallway ? !
thank u =)
also - ' to maternity . . . and beyond! ' wordswordswords : clothing store for pregnant women . " from here to maternity . "
your wireless is a bit flaky over here at ancora . can you look into that ? kthx
saw my favorite teacher , mrs . thurston , at cracker barrel . . wow , why can't i have her as my teacher again . i miss 3rd grade.) :
doode i already started mine lol
the first ep i saw was either dungeons & dragons or modern warfare . i was like , " i could watch more of these ppl "
i hope cinco de hoy went/is going well . ..best wishes ! !
but that's the next question , eh ?
#madonna , i'm so confused . what's happening right now .
heat needs to stop all that fouling
christmas is less than two weeks away , have you finished your holiday shopping ? vote now on www.krqe.com !
say " hello " to aaron tevis please from a boise state saints fan ! !
you make a fine corpse
i'll *try* and wait patiently . nitrous is looking very nice btw !
i hope so . the bigger the stakes , he better he does so if you remind him there's a huge audience , he should shine !
oh , you know it ! =) haha
why no follow-up to schiavo ? . ..what if she had no health insurance ? in aug . all of u said u'd let a person die without insurance .
toes like skipped pebbles as those first few steps are taken .
if you create a conditional expression larger than 60 characters , my official policy is i hate you
twitter can be confusing sometimes . like you're back in 6th grade and the only kid not in on the joke .
the senate rejected richard for the cfbp job , and obama hired him anyway,people don't know what congress is
we're here
thanks for the rt
love u queen !
it's good , you know , when you got a woman who is a friend of your mind
special day @ nelson house . 1st day the whole family works from home . cool to think asher wont remember mom or dad having ' go 2 the office '
you get a new number bro ?
remember this : great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds . a einstein
from what i heard , you shouldn't be bored , lots to talk about . . . .
i just realized something a bit scary & sad . if you were born on the day the #bucks won their (only) nba championship you'd be 41 years old !
i aint dumb !
how do you think signing peyton would affect your production ?
rt : rt : " there were more books published this week than there were in all of 1950 . "
you too ? hahaha i used to think he was hot
thanks for the follow ! love <3 very excited for the #nyclaunch !
plsss follow me :d i love your singing and i love you <3
we can't wait !
who's watching alex's younow tonight ? -ally
yea i'm here till tomorrow morning . checking out rjd2 tonight at webster hall if you'll be around !
not yet but it should be . . . weather forecasters never get it right
ouch ! sorry
what are the odds zidane head butts entire french team after world cup ?
wc jersey unveiling televised ?
just came from my high school reunion . if i could talk to my high school self i'd tell me to calm down . that is just not a big deal .
wordswords congrats to you and the entire pixar crew for the oscar win !
rt : if you're on your laptop at , check out ' s twitter background . i love it ! tweety got inspired .
in houston ? or in chicago ?
perfect day for a little work and lots of play . excited for the hereafter at the satellite tonight in silverlake ! come check them out !
i am in desperate need of some #starbucks !! ! :/
glad you are not passing your bias on to the children .
hi there ! i'm stalking . ..um . ..i meant , following you . lol
dress like a dave and andy's employee for only $10 ! dave and andy's t-shirts are now for sale !
bcs officials met today to discuss a potential college football playoff .
snuck into cochon w/o reservation . drinking moonshine . life is good .
who did al harrington kiss on the sidelines just now ?
thx to kristen grimm of spitfire strategies for a great day of public speaking training for staff .
midnight calls :)
rt god is good everyday wordswordswordswordswordswords indeed
. we are pretty sure you're not at #ala10 since if you were , you'd now we're at #aladanceparty last night and at #aladrink now .
never feel weakening always boost up ! is it key for healthy live
it's cold as balls here .
the doc chey's breakfast with santa is sold-out , but there are still 10 tickets left for the event
a grilled cheese and a mule at starlight at midnight : long story but i'm sleeping in tomorrow ! !
looks awesome !
when you say you're going to do things , please do them and do them correctly .
the record label that will someday be appreciated for it's uniqueness in a world of cookie cutter products
i will later cuz im on my fone
packing for my much needed getaway .
haha . actually i'm pretty sure you spelled it right( : haha .
i remember when you weren't a celeb , and you were hosting open mic's in the hood . . . how far you've come my friend . . .
wif needs an l.a . key grip for one day for a no budget psa . any takers ?
i probably can talk to you about a network socket , but i could not make coffee this am . spilled all over the place .
deactivate pants
on my way to the zoo with m'kaya school
hm , are we thinking dive bar or something a little classy ?
we do , were introduced through the sf crew . seems like you're never in the bay area anymore !
come at me bro !
awesome video jody oops i mean tyrese , lmao . . . i love it !
a woman can say more in a sigh than a man can say in a sermon .
why is every mlk blvd . #ghetto ? every city , state , never fails !
i might be subconsciously turning into a vegetarian .
he who asks is a fool for five minutes , but he who does not ask remains a fool forever . - proverb
love that rainiers shirt ! you may like our seattle tees too , just sayin :)
follow me and ill follow you of ill give ya a cookie!!!!!!!!!!!!! ! !
nothing from europe - dow drops 240 . until sugar-daddy germany supports more bailout , markets can sink . fear next week also over jobs report
oak brook , swanky - some other time then
hahaha skip bayless is really too much! ! " two robins & a bunch of alfreds are no match for the pacers " lmao
then what i'm saying is : yes . please . rt what i'm saying is i have food done today if anyone wants to come over and get a plate .
green run clubhouse
i read " bringing up bwordswordsbwordswords " on the flight home yesterday . why was saying " no " to children such a surprise to the author ? also , to americans ?
i honestly think no one can out-drink me !! ! !
thats why i just keep driving! ! they want that $ to go buy drugs/alcohol! ! if they were really hungry , woulda been there !
#idontsupport you talking so much . #isupport you shutting your mouth for once !
i've spent too long trying to think of a daniel dae kim/daniel day-lewis joke , so i'm just going to put it out there . similar names .
just a warning to everyone , im prolly gunna look like crap and be crying on monday . lmao . justa heads up
what you want . .in my pants xd
my new moto is for my paralegal career is " take a bite out of justice " courtesy of crisco kidd . . . .lol
quick quiz to check if you or a loved one has an eating disorder
watching segment on fifty shades of grey with a very uncomfortable gramma in the toyota waiting room .
visualize where u want to be today--and whom u want to there with . . .
don't understand name changes on facebook . especially when you make an addition to your first name .
im excepting gifts for my bday ! now im not going to tell you what to get me , however i am excepting cash
just laid my head down for a much needed nap and the neighbor started playing guitar . ..with amps .
my brackets are done after today . xavier is one of the few " upsets " that i got right .
great job !
#fridayreads john byrd's pick : the hunger games
mhmmm going home :)
tax prep on the cheap - 50% off on www.crowdclick.com !
i am covered in bruises . what the hell happened last night ? !
i enjoyed having at the congressional forum . great down-to-earth guy ! 2 bad he's a dem lol .
no 3 : the delicate set of ergonomic requirements that must be met if i dont want my arm to go numb after 30secs on the comp .
well then give in to the
just discovered that clorox wipes are *great* for cleaning the keys on my keyboard ! :-d
hey we didn't have a blog writing due for today . . did we ? i didn't see anything on d2l . .
dustin kahlil band advances into finals of hard rock rising
thanks ! stop by and visit any time ! we've got great artists lined up for at least the next year !
i was being serious .
burgundy hair don't care
oh #facebook . . i dont have time this week to learn new #timeline rules for brands ! !
102 degrees again ? what the . . . . . . . . .
just got home from work and totally enjoying my glass of #cabernet :)
#fridaynewsdump ? this the reason for the extra urgency in releasing #magicjobs ?
she is the only woman in the world , who knows wear meat , metal , be in a egg and really high heeled!! ! i love you ! follow back :)
yes :) i love both of them ! how old are you ?
the identical statements can be made truthfully of #conservatives as well . not equivocating , but no side is innocent here .
a dull day - whole foods and costco ; actually , after all the excitement , dull is good .
i love catching people in their lies !
changed my fb page to jo snow syrups . ..hopefully it will be easier to find . ..start having your friends " like " us . .much appreciated .
watching where the heart is while i work . it's a little more emotional than i thought !
seriously ? strangely (depressingly) , i'm in the mood for fast food fried chicken . how did that happen ?
mrs white just sprayed herself in the face with the dry erase board cleaner . i think she's taking part in the holidays
good morning & happy friday san diego ! time to get news from your favorite hometown news we're less than 5 minutes away !
did they really ? what planet was i on ?

i gave him no expectations , it hurts to not have things go your way
high school or college ?
love and hugs to you my dear friend ! !
listening to music by local independent artists this morning . refreshing .
' america's next top model' : nigel barker says his firing ' wasn't a tyra banks . . . - hollywood reporter
don't we all . . .
ooohh im sorry :(
your not joey . . . his account is vertivied:/
we've got lots of treats and fun stuff to eat while you're here . ..plus , tom the woodchuck brings all of his handmade wooden toys & gifts .
now off to see , denise & carly . ..gonna b a gr8 night w/ more gr8 friends who r really family too :)
rt : a statewide tornado drill (a mock tornado warning) is underway at this time .
dj cyn at tbar for dew tour bottom of peak 8 come say what up! ! !
" eating these shockers tonight , keeping me up until the sunrise . " ooh that should be the shockers candy saying!! ! ooh ahh
i'll take " what is the best woman ever " for a $1,000 alex .
me and sigur rwordswordss are working it on out .
nothing like the #lonelyisland before hitting the sheets
agreed , man ! he's dope . always will be .
it's a good day for mexican food with the media team .
people keep on saying mean things to me like : " sir , would you please put some pants on ? " mean and hurtful and there is no call for it
twitter vote needed on my move pic detroit rock city , dazed and confused or walk the line
whatever you can do or dream you can , begin it . boldness has genius , power and magic in it ! - johann wolfgang von goethe
calling all bloggers : dm if u want to meet up for #blogher11 drinks from 4-7 @ marriott downtown tonight courtesy of !
does anyone know when the bus is leaving today ?
somebody hacked into my twitter account . please ignore any recent messages that you've received from me .
i upgraded 2 phones yesterday . one took 45 min the other over 2 hours , almost all backup time :(
yep! ! " : corey hart is never again allowed to participate in spring training . #brewers "
#mubb fans in full cheermode at the game . . . coming across well on the tv !
good morning
ur kidding right ? it was freakin awesome
really enjoy your late night show . have been watching you from the very evening you began . keep the humor and fun coming
oh heeyyy there cj ! welcome to our account :d
inflexion-point strategy partners is a b2b sales and marketing performance improvement company based in the uk
no more senior skip day! ! ? looks like i'll have to do this the old fashion way .
jealous ! i just finished day 2 . . .
you too , beth ! big plans ? rt : hey #usguys have a great weekend .
let's hope rangers get it together before my 1st visit to the ballpark tomorrow night with and family
remember how much of a pain the ass fonts used to be ?
fan of ? follow #inewsource . data-driven journalism for the common good !
katie and i planned that shes marrying james franco&i'm marrying dave,and then we'll be sister in laws.yup .
hey there !
yo follow me .
i always knew jonathan vilma was a goon
happy independence day ! where do you think the best place for fireworks is ?
doesn't your twitter account already serve that purpose ?
thanks for the follow:)
can anyone recommend any especially good walcott poems for my postcolonial lit class ? something regarding imperialism would be helpful . . .
is this the new " balcony " time location ? hell of a view .
i know ! so exciting ! :)
an amazing woman , an amazing story and an even more amazing heart . #followfriday (via )
whats the matter with that ?
don't advertise that , you're going to flood the applicant field now !
let me guess : the one negative was probably a bully his or herself . if so , that's really sad in my opinion .
thank you ! we hope it helps you connect with books and authors & we're here to help if you need anything !
what are some other ways to prepare kale ? i've sauteed , steamed and used in soup ?
lol i'm jk , i've actually never been the biggest triple h fan . i've always thought he was petty overrated .
downtown watching the game with thedy bean and some friends !
best . car . chase . ever .
gave my " everything social workers should know about the criminal justice system " talk to a social work class this am . i <3
merry christmas everyone ! !
omg!)' : im soo sorry mason im here for you<3
a typical vice of american politics is the avoidance of saying anything real on real issues . -theodore roosevelt
grown men owning a nintendo ds
klru-tv's arts in context features the vac's artist-in-residence program ! tune in tonight at 7:30 on local channel 9 !
she loves pikachu more than her boyfriend
get your closet ready for spring with expert organization tips - nbc new york (blog)
rt : nba commissioner david stern can eat a dick ; eat a fat black dick
hi guy who broke into my car . it's me again . you saw it from the outside . what made you think the inside would be any better ?
i quit ! oh yeah i can't as i am not independently wealthy .
possible im about to run a meeting not sober . . . possible
this is one of the reasons i hate the bus . .
thanks for the rt !
spalding university's baseball team will not begin its world series game in springfield , il until well after midnight local time .
you are welcome ! love the work you do !
end of 1 in dc and the #caps up 1-0 . could be 3-0 . should be 3-0 . hope that doesn't bite us .
bo diddly my uncle . j.s :)
writing group was so much fun tonight ! can't wait to read more of your amazing book :)
glad you had fun ! see you soon mt that was a fun time at the , will definitely be back before the end of it's run 5/20
and while on the topic , sending a qr code in an email is about as silly as putting a qr code on a subway ad .
he has two friday lunch shifts as final exams of sorts first . and he needs ' s vote too .
thanks , sean . go mariners !
shoutout to my new followers - thank you for the follow , you rock ! :)
if westbrook doesn't stop taking more shots than durant they will never win a title
hi ! i'm well , just two months til graduation . i see you have a new job , congrats ! what are you doing for clear channel ?
:) there is always a need for moar data !
the guys who founded skype , kazaa , and the ill-fated video site joost are behind a new music subscription service , rdio .
read this weeks paper !
creativity is to see what everyone else has seen but to think what no one else has thought .
rt anyone know if milf wranglers 6 , volume 2 will make any sense if you didn't see volume 1 ?
as you can see , the twitter accounts of just about the entire press-register newsroom have been hacked//it was roy moore .
on feb 13th join salon denver for the i heart benefit for tcc , 6 - 8 pm , silent auction sponsored by platte st and lohi businesses !
my favorite ufc fighter is dude fights with some serious heart
politics & facebook don't mix well .
if you got a stupid message from my acct . asking " this you ? " it is not from me . do not click on it .
so . . if i do move to l.a . in february . . my mum promised me she would take me to a picture me broken , and bvb concert . ^_^ sweet .
good time at tsi this weekend in nyc . tomorrow top it off w/watching the marathon ! what a perfect weekend
- you guys were outstanding to work with on the tech video ! hope you are doing well !
i'd be like , " you need to shoot more . "
you're welcome little monster . !
it sucks that pregnancy is why i feel both so insanely ambitious and so effing exhausted today .
is red licorice worth a trip to the market tonight ?
donwordswordswordst give up just because things seem hard . keep believing because your closer than you think to become everything you were created to be
lol it's really not that hard tho
i love you , you're amazing ! i think you all your performance's are amazing ! and you didn't deserve to get sent home ! js
#savageu is my favorite show . thanks so much dan :d
take me to see that movie
harry is beautiful .
if you like to find good music in a legal song of the day free download format , check out
like a couple of drunk idiots .
#icr12 glad to have found the hashtag thanks to whoever put it up on the screen at the y
i don't really want to go to work today .
so , i guess we over . that's kewl .
on monday , we're talking franchise . if you've ever thought of starting a franchise business , tune in !
spent time in er last night after smashing door in my face . my teeth cut through & left hole.thx to er doc at united .
can you dm me his info ?
on the bus with a bunch of weirdooos
watched " waiting for superman " documentary last night . if you are interested in educating our children , check it out .
where has the time gone ? tis may tomorrow . still feels like it was march yesterday . . . . :t
are you getting one ? they look awesome .
dreamt i made ft of a tourney , but another player was stealing from my stack . made a stink and the floor (al roker) berated me for caring .
ready for inspiration at #socialgood in nyc . today's line up is ted turner , founder of idealist ami dar , do something , usaid , and unf .
your good people i can spare a few hundred as long as your ready to party
gateway included , full credit card data portability , and card tokenization makes recurly a smart business decision
hi , all ! i'm jill and i made granola bars for the first time this week .
my mom got me some pan de bono straight from colombia
have you met the boys yet ? ( :
.~-+.- hip hop . ..cumbia bachata . ..$2 drinks . ..free parking . ..gmix ladies shaking it . ..saturday matrix--> www.g1party.com
fresh out of pandas atm . waiting for a new shipment . but when we get ' em we'd love a photo of one of them on the pepper ! ;)
ikr we r just that cool :) <3
holy busy end of the week batman! ! cappin ' it all off with my unc's wedding on saturday .
another 12 am show . will #potc4 be as good as #potc1 ? doubtful . hoping for better than #potc2 or 3 . as ever , you should be here .
wordswordswords : *if you have time to tweet , but not to text me back , i hate you.wordswordswords agreed!!!! ! :)
the peachy airport parking ford e450 shuttle
thanks for the tweet !
roger maris is not in the hall of fame .
tbs : enough with la russa cam .
just bought #champion #womens #jacket for 78% off at amazing deal ! get it before time runs out !
do you have the scout mob app ? they have a coupon for villa-o
just showed isabel the skype laughter chain . i have never heard her laugh that hard . she cried . wow
a day full of #santorum has to include at least a little meat . what does bear sausage taste like anyway ?
a3 : leadership is a performance . you have to be conscious about your behavior , because everyone else is . carly fiorina
murders in the black communities are at an all time high . ..what can we do in our community to stop the violence ?
it's my best physical attribute .
my wife treats me like a god;i get a burnt offering at every meal .
rt: : facebook has become the online version of 16 & pregnant starring half the girls from my high school .
apparently not ! rt pessimism is not our friend bo ! !
good morning! ! its thursday what's going on in the city ?
we getting those friday ?
oi ! spelling fail . rob haggart of fame .
i'm down !
thanks . . . we'll see about that :) in the meantime , rock chalk jayhawk ! :)
this is the scariest movie i've ever seen . #foreignfilms it's called " rec " and i think i'm going to have a heart attack before it's over .
did you go to vincent
wordswordswords : opening for november 8th at 20th century theaterwordswordswords also with !
moveon should be focused on writing legislation and not toting the party line . can progressives be more than an opposition party ?
drafts 2 dollars all night
young ass women i tell u , how u u get mad cause i asked u to get me sum dutches
that will be the best day of my life . ..no offense
is it possible for something to be " somewhat ridiculous " ?
to the ppl who are hating on #marriageequality , i think your religion wants you to practice love not hate .
dear mr . pickard , i thank you for beating the americans , but why can't you show my hawks a little more love ?
i really do make incredible chili , and though may live in texas , it's hockey food in this house .
#realtalk rt : say no to drugs . say yes to tacos .
unsubscribed to living social today . . . what does this mean , am i claiming i'm un-social ? oh oh . must rethink this .
: outpouring of support from #rva community was key and social media helped fuel the fire
wesch : connect it to real life , get students involved
he won't walk over anyone's feelings , won't push you into a corner . - matthew
my lesbionic sisters . ..why w/ the no bra , cut up t , & buzzcut . add a dash of rainbow jewerly in case you didn't know that they dont do dick
hrmf . haven't really laffed hard in a while . internet . . . amuse me .
is thinking of having a little break after all the hectic days . .
it's my birthday today austin!!!!wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
i have major crushes on my sergeant and staff sergeant wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordsoh those marine men . . i think that's how i get through class , is that bad ?
" if your ship doesn't come in , swim out to it . "
wow the crazies are out today . . . . .
yeah only commercials coming through on the app , but now they sound like alvin and the chipmonks !
needs a hero tonight . .
screening alice in wonderland tomorrow morning . ..can't wait !
shout to my brother for putting me on to the benefits of shoe insoles
love it
just got out of work and am so bummed i missed the party was at ! wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords i guess it's jammies and catching up on glee for me tonight !
tgif! ! we are ready for a wknd filled with fun ! restoration shop tour , train ride to mt.clare , holiday photo shoots and more !
thanks to you too ! if you or need anything at all , don't hesitate to let us know : it's what we're here for .
and thanks !
my cat is rapping at me . she's pissed we ran out of wet food .
rt : travel agent reminder : win a cruise ! uniworld #cruisechat is tomorrow thursday , 4/19 at 11 am pdt . mark your calendars !
happy easter :)
the #gradstudent dream : working in her office at 8 pm on a friday evening . par-tay ! haha
who ready for the superbowl get at me
would love to hear on the podcast . no girl plays the game with more heart & hope to see her on
i wasn't following u lol i thought i was
i got u lol . .
enjoying dinner and beers with & - love #outoftownguests ^aef
goodmorning wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords don't be scared of thunder i've got youu .
it may the job that saves our economy . cockitects are in demand now .
thank u for voting ! glad u liked it : )
how would you feel if you killed an innocent duck , and let a vicious goose get away ?
it's hard having vision when others can't see . . .
sitting here drinking a corona thinking loving life ha ha
stoners tend to congregate .
95 tues , 78 today . yes , please . but i'm still going to hang out at the mall . yes , yes i am . williams-sonoma , are you ready for me ?
come on you gunners . . . . man city , you can win , too .
can you join us in tomorrow morning ?
yes , i just need to talk to any of them about tonight . it really sucks !
i'm glad you finally decided to tell everyone about our baby !
thats whats up . . . recording right now but hit me up later .
beautiful day , people out walking & running . what am i doing ? heading to a scotch tasting w/some of the girls . it's all about priorities . ;)
turn on the heat #lakers! ! !
it looks like hot topic threw up inside the . shoulda waited til later to come to this show . pretty sure i'm the oldest one here
it's a steal !
didn't #kimkardashian just get back from her honeymoon ? didn't i just watch their wedding on tv ? #what a waste
comments from public starting now
:) congratulations on your tweet--and your book !
agreed . even a small investment in jan wld hv helped . wonder if that was reason for changes in front office .
a2 : pettitte gave his testimony on the matter . now , he's in the rotation . so , they've done a good job in creating distance .
i want a boy friend . one that i can see a lot & that lives some what close to me
i have to go to the mall to get my mommy a gift , want me to come with ? ,
i've been working a lot of hours to get the drawings completed for a u.s . embassy in africa . now the race is on to get everything fabricatewordswordswords
site is down , we'll get it back up as soon as possible , in the meantime , head on over to campusfood.com to order from us
is there a patron saint of craigslist yet ?
be yourself , not who others want you to be .
god only knows that you were my last straw .
this is joe sunday , we did the song " strip " today . when you ready to talk bout tracks , hit me up ! i spoke to e already
finally home after a long week . my baby girl is so strong . so proud of her .
emmys or true blood ?
kind of crazy that now is one of the owners of myspace .
i don't have iphone . ..i have a droid my touch :)
you ran away and left me to die
#sixers tie the series up and take game 2 , final score of 82-81 . that was not supposed to happen . now i'm ticked .
my phone charger just broke . .
excuse me i believe i meant " potential " with blatche , wall , and mcgee .
that moment when cereal goes down your shirt . .
i thought pinterest was addictive now i'm saving everything in my pocket . pinboards , pockets , links , facebooks , tweets , work ?
feelin it ! great job man , thanks for sending it my way
rt : can anyone live tweet the nypl/gc open forum for those of us who can't be there ?
wordswordswords : wait a second . . he's my husband !! ! :odwordswordswords lol we can share them . ..at the same time lol
still trying to find watching baseball exciting , but i am loving seeing all these red sox fans squirm . i can get behind this .
+1 rt : but in this case the owner sets the paper's opinion framework . light was basing his qs on owner's position . so what ?
during off season nola detoxes , during the season we retox . . .
wordswordswordswith your help i can advance against a troop ; with my god i can scale a wallwordswordswords -psalm 18:29
no , you are just tripping .
1 . what inspired you to dance ? 2 . what do you want to be when you grow up ? 3 . celebrity crush ? 4 . favorite type of music ? 7
well , yes . and the city haha :)
hope you all have restorative labor days! ! are you ready for new mexico jazz stories ? john rangel is first up . october 6th ! !
the problem is that everyone thinks you're just fooling around in meetings :d
i blame it on all those " cool " fosters beer commercials
lost boys
bbq chicken it is . .
- he could not possibly be number 2 , believe me .
i think unless an ending is truly horrendous , it doesn't stick with you as much .
1 dead , 3 injured in poker game shootout harris county usa
zoe blames herself when one of her friends faces a health crisis & she didnwordswordswordst notice the symptoms = #hartofdixie is all new tonight at 9/8c
official project after party tues feb 14th you better bring the whole crew its going to be amazing
looks like we're meeting indiana in catlanta ! whaddduppp
to succeed with the opposite sex , tell her you're impotent
nice to meet you seumas . :)
hopefully february will provide more free time than january has
in a very suspicious move , samsung pushes an update to its tv and bluray internet interfaces deleting netflix replacing it with blockbuster
possibly . we'll be in town until sunday so i might book something for saturday
got a new followuuuuh .
completely agree , #ls11 rocked , looking forward to some more #supadupaness !
i want another tattoo , but my mom will probably kill me .
and that's why it's important to never burn a bridge .
can we all pretty much agree turtles are awesome ? i mean seriously , who doesn't love em ?
tell him to call me , the +1-646 number
ran/walked 3.5 miles with my momma ( : trying to motivate her into running it all before the 5k in july ( :
that's good linde . . . . we all have them days sis
hehe i'm not messing with kristen
which match will you be watching live tomorrow afternoon ? i need some advice .
i love my juggalettes
i know right ! !
i can't believe i haven't tweeted in over a week ! so sorry , it's been so busy in the store - thanks to all of you for coming in to shop !
making progress !
fun activity
me : i want to be an actress when i grow up , hahahahhaa jk . ramsie : don't acresses have to be skinny . wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
luckily the class was not about gmail :)
sigh , work ran out of beer . yes , after one hour .
rt : willard romney has lots of good friends who are grits owners./ actually , friends own the co . that makes them damn grits !
writing preliminary functional requirements for a search interface to some dbs -- trying to balance between what i want & what is practical
great work on raising hope tonight . keep on keepin ' on !
once again , the whole family was completely charmed by a christmas carole at kudos to richard roberts for a beautiful production !
i know i'm chunky . omg no need to point it out dx
but as a result of the outcry those cops were later charged and found guilty in federal court for hate crimes
who doesn't ?
are you fulfilling your life's passion ? or , someone else's passion enslaving you to work ?
alright im going to bed , but keep trending guys !
lol why's that ?
what is my cat staring at in the mirror ? herself ? or can she see into another dimension ?
we still haven't seen any for cats , but at this point , we'll be sure to let you know as soon as we do !
tweet at us how your experience with #progressiveplumbing was !
#nowplaying catherine russell " we the people . " big shot of
i didn't see pee wee tonight , but i'm pretty sure one of the chefs stole his bike !
heading out to east view to check out the new lego store . any one know where in the mall it is ?
" a goofy movie " was playing in my dentist's office this morning and i walked in just in time to catch the " perfect case . "
i can't wait to get matching sweatshirtswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
so i really dont care . ..i just want to graduate and be done
think they have a job for me ? i've shot billions of units of veldspar . :p
i had a nightmare i failed my spanish final . . . grab a bottle & come practice with me
wow wmyb just comes on the radio the same time it comes up on my iphone hahaha <333333
what did he say ?
we sure missed you at the event , but robby still made you a part of it ! (i'm in the lower right corner of the pic!) :)
check my tl let me no if you can collab !
totally geeking out to rob paulsen's cartoon voice-acting podcast ! i am such a dork ! we!! ! !
how has ananda touch your life ?
back on track
stay tuned for our annual benefit program ! www.leodys.com
i saw that and was like whaaaattt
the nfl !
like to own as a pet ? !
tonight ! watch the premier of " nepal's stolen children, " airing on the west coast at 8pm ! tweet #endslavery while you watch !
if you wouldn't tell me about stuff like this . i wouldn't have ever known . with twitter and internet connecting everyone to everything
does he ever ? rt agreed ! but coach k doesn't look to happy w/ the refs !
it's still not to late to check out our brand new song ! www.byejune.com
you don't know spanish
im filling one of my walls with posters . like all covered
an example of how relatively easy winter's been in milwaukee : 23.1 " of snow so far this year as of 2/24 . this time last year : 53.1 " .
my horoscope says i'll be getting money soon ;d
is anyone out there braving the crowds this black friday ? did you get any good deals ?
i love put your hearts up , everytime i listen to it the song sticks inside my head( :
what is the operating system philosophy that leads to the best throughput . not at all easy questions . follow the money ? what sells ? maybe
nunez will start the next 2 games in the of . this should be interesting !
we know how to put it down fa sho
i dare you to favorite this . .or follow me ;)
that awkward moment when your boy tells you something that you didn't need to know
are you ? today is my birthday and i want a gift like that if i could follow would be one of the best gifts for my birthday
also badly needs customizable snooze .
aggh . .vas a ir a dubai o a nueva york ? :d
he's 17 . that's called statutory rape .
thanks jonathan ! looking forward to working with you and too ! cc
i'm not mad that its raining , but i sure don't wanna be out here in it .
#thingsthatmakemethinknastythoughts . . . .when is posting! ! i can't get work done when she is lol
that amazing & lovely moment when you realize that is following you . . . pff makes me happy :)
wow . looks like he's trying to tell you something .
thanks carol !
why so ? what's a chocolate faerie ?
may tenth , two-thousand ten ( : i love you babe <33
thanks ! glad to see organizations like this !
please take note of the tending topic right now . " harry is hot "
if artists earned a royalty on songs that got stuck in my head , kings x would be the richest band in the world . ;)
that is a perfectly acceptable reason ! :)
thanks for the follows &
watermelons for practice .
rip " condom in your " left eye .
hello . your a poser . #woof to you.:p
if you're at home and not watching this south florida vs notre dame game on espn , you're missing out.collins is holding it down for houston .
i went in on these tts today ._ .
why do i even try ?
i'll trade you a #rangers calendar (from saturday night) for a ring ? ! ? !
good hangs with beer , vampire movie and honest discussion .
watching the women's world cup final's come on girls go usa
just walked out of walgreens with a buncha beers , homeless lady asks for one , i oblige . she didn't have a bottle opener :-/
i mean , i'm just tryna get out there . . . .
and the line of the night goes to me : it's just a game , right ? wyn : are you even a packers fan ?
i may have been the crazy blonde with pink flip flops on today but this is exactly why ! lol . wet sucks are the worst ! !
thanks & for being my wingmen last night
z100 playing chasing the sun in ny!!! ! lovvveeee
prez of king city #teachers assoc testifying on ab 1858 , concerned about high interest district pays on state loan . how does this help kids ?
temple run
hacked ! thank u all for alerting me! ! tweet police are on the job ! can u please forward stuff sent under my account ?
revenge u r everything right now
long day , just wanna lay it down
#riseandwine ! ! fabulous friday has finally arrived . cheers
med school = is so expensive . ..i really don't think my scholarships will cover it :l
thanks for inviting us over ! we had a great time . cc :
sunday's taping of long shot podcast was so explosive it literally set ' s building on fire ! coming soon !
all the wonderful stuff is about you , you should know that by now . can't see my tweets so don't know what you r referring to
olive garden is my favorite restaurant
good morning my tweets and fbs ! !
and #ff marilyn for same reason ;-) #ff lisa cause we are on the same page politically ! !
don't let haters disguised as friends ruin your good thing
omg , yes . i could intern there forever . the real world sucks .
thanks for sticking around :)
i have a few more words to describe compassionate caring dignified humble and so sweet
we'll be doing a run at the glamorous graffiti fashion show friday night at mercedez benz of elm grove ! come check it out !
just watched derek here in usa . illegally of course . it's got good potential . karl is fantastic .
i am now following
this week stitchy sunday is on . the lovely emme will be there to help you with projects .
back at pottery ! apparently , clay dries a lot faster in atlanta than in london . need to develop new strategies . . .
so i see you haven't followed me yet all i gotta say is whats up with that
the sky is clear , sun is out . but there is a chill blowing in from ithaca . ..i gotta feeling . . .
u need some aloe vera lotion
helped mom with some errands , and found that someone tossed out some library books . . what to do . books are in pretty bad condition .
big word ! ? :o
this has been your regularly-scheduled #lrnchat . we now return control of your timeline to you .
getting ready for how interactive
hi sweetie hope life is good always in my heart
gimme one !
lan party@ the house party . team fortress2 & left4dead2 ! kill zombies with like-minded players ! #seehelenparty11 sign up in rm . 1193 .
thanks brian ! !
a diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age .
so it wasn't the laptop , it was the docking station , how is that i figured that out before tech support did !
going to dinner at 7 . . . maybe printers alley after ?
getting my nails done with & <3
squeezing in another film over lunch - world premiere of ' leave me like you found me '
was that " barn autodetect " ?
sure , you're alternative was not going to college ? they're not protesting the loan but cost of ed & borrowing for it .
by nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with . they are looking for potential mates .
i have come across her name a few times . do you remember if you read about her in a book ? i hope i remember stuff like you !
#adhd & #add , if used to your advantage , can help you do amazing things .
hamilton another one 18th !
done sir ! we're pumped to have ya in the ranks !
forgiveness does not change the past , but it does enlarge the future! ! !
i keep on tweeting #amex for stuff , but all i'm getting is coupons ! i thought this was
the quality of friendships is more important than the quantity of friends . ~ a.d . williams
it is a good morning tho
read dowd's column today .
here we go , here we go , sh*t my folks don't know ! !
beer me . had port brewing's mongo at craft and commerce . ridiculously good .
william shakespeare's much ado about nothing , friday and saturday night beginning at 8 pm , $5 .
and when calls are not of decent quality over public wifi , what can i do ?
idk why my twitter keep unfollowin people !
u>s>a> shout out maughan
honestly , the anguish , discouragement , grief , heartache for those victims is very real , very present . we deal with it daily
flying #porter . so long mdw . i'm heading for the warmer climes . ..of canada .
i really want some jack in the box . minus the horrible service .
this game is beyond intense , are you guys watching ? this back n forth , back n forth .
bruins v jets tonight .
#bufferule we (liberal) have great ideas that don't con't to hurt the poor & vanishing middle class !
i'm so glad that's the day i decided a month ago to have a bbq !
isn't that what happy pills are for ?
top down , led zeppelin playing , gorgeous sunshine on my skin , going to see today is perfect .
missing an all american rejects concert . . . to go to disneyworld . if i complain i sound like a spoiled brat . . . sigh .
" everybody wanna be famous , don't nobody wanna put the work in . "
real ninjas don't let the microwave timer hit 00:00
" don't let yesterday use up too much of today . "
all of the videos we show on twitter comes directly from our blog site ! we will be showing live performances soon on our social site !
in retrospect , boof had exactly the kind of career you'd expect of a guy named boof .
know is the time to fert . your lawn to promote root development with top growth .
the average person walks the equivalent of twice around the world in a lifetime
i've lived in england and i absolutely love the weather ! :) germany is so hot in summer , i even feel like slowly dying :')
first thing first . ..mall time , i think i left something in vegas . ..hello miami !
ahhaha it was a joke
i did not expect to have a day like this anytime soon . . . :( rip hennessey . you were such an awesome horse .
rt : what is the age cutoff for which someone can use the term " whatevs " ? > too funny . younger than 35 .
yeah,but not sure what the point is , other than , as the aol chief says , that aol are " big believers in the future of the internet "
im sixk didnt go yo skool today missed out on a pizza party! ! !
just had aces over kings . up to 10k .
know anyone on a gluten-free diet or have you tried it yourself ? what are your tips for making it work ?
fact : camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand
wanted to see cowboys & aliens but just noticed it got some really bad reviews .
rt " : what are you tapping for tasting today ? "
laugh often dream big and reach for the stars .
have you thought about taking the movie on a city to city tour ?
the piano in dear and the headlights " it's gettin easy " always gets stuck in my head .
the yankees , red sox , and marlins all losing opening day .
if i knew what i know now i might be futher along with my goals but knowing now has me cherishing time and focused as ever .
let the party begin ! #giants baby !
ooh i do ! come over to my cube , if you dare !
what are your favorites in the series ? i seem to remember " bad blood, " " triangle, " and " dreamland " the most from childhood
when everything seems to be going against you , remember that the airplane takes off against the wind , not with it . -henry ford
if you are in dc this week , check out the #9/11 reflection display @ #nmah : uncased artifacts from ny , va , pa , and the tsa .
morgan looked extremely uncomfortable at the plate , didn't he ?
aw , thanks buddy ! !
universal dance & drum ensemble now performing at our youth event . beautiful history !
i got it bad really need to get this person out my head . i kinda feel like god won't let me huuuuuuuhhhh .
day 2 of the making ohio schools work conference .
omgomgomgomg . brianna! ! are you pinching her back to make her smile bigger so that i'll be even sadder ?
good karma is one of the few things left that you can still get for a dollar .
wishing all students a great first day back after spring break !
i love kicking balls !
84 pets have been adopted in our 24/7 adoption event ! be sure to come for our vaccine clinic tomorrow from 8-3 !
trying a new approach to removing myself from french-canadian mailing lists : replying in french with " s'il vous plawordswordst , arretez maintenant . "
ahaha , i only go on when fb is boring aha : p
listening to naacp general counsel kimberly keenan speak at the cbtu awards dinner in buffalo . powerful words , powerful woman ! go naacp !
i like afternoon shifts
why are you letting them get wide open 3's -__-
now knows i like gadgets , bank account is sad .
lol i am
we now have over 80 - 5 star reviews , and none that aren't ! we are customer service driven .
i've watched it like 5 times already , i just can't get enough haha and i regret nothing
who will receive the jean allard glass cutter award at the #buslawspring meeting luncheon today ? we'll let you know once it's announced !
how you tempt me to comment on your foursquare posts !
who wants a follow back ? :)
: hey lu ! thanks for the " hey you" . ..how are you ?
l2 for my girl ' s bday party , a yacht party in october in the rain . ..the night is a blank canvas and i'm breaking out the paint .
was a good one ! waiting for it to get cold and windy enough to do some more meaningful temp tests !
happy virgo full moon & thanks for the follows , , , , and
$2 fudge stripe cookies at duane reade are my new go-to for spending money i shouldn't on my groups
last call .
epic night . wouldn't of had it any other way !
hahahahahaha ! you're so two faced !
iwordswordsm in school . . . . i was going to have gymnastics but the teacher didnwordswordst came . . . . . . so iwordswordsm at the computers with my class matewordswordss lol
thanks for rting the augmented reality app about misshelved books . interesting !
avril lavigne performs duet on star-studded wordswordswordsx factor wordswordswords finale (video) leave it to the x factor to go out with a bang . the hit realit
thanks , buddy ! you know it ! you , too !
coconut oil is great as a supplement , but i just can't seem to enjoy anything i cook with it
you wanna wear push-up bras & heavy make-up while dancing with bill cosby ?
austin's own leslie died today . the city will not be the same without him , so sad .
yay ! i close too
talked to winner james prather today . he's $34.5 million richer , but wasn't real talkative with me . shocker , right ?
youtube cover song face-off : rihannawordswordswordss wordswordswordswe found lovewordswordswords
did i just see you on the sideline of this game ?
looking for a qa engineer that is passionate about security !
5 billion for michael jackson ? really i thought he was waayy more then that . he is the greatest for a reason . long live the kop .
i wanna go to the cheesecake factory :)
haha it definitely is ! text me ! i have something to ask youu .
wtf 13 year old girls doing drugs ?
thanks . ..i have been hitting the gym thre . . . .wait , who are you talking about ?
neal-schuman is prepping for the cil conference on monday ! !
come find us on twitter too! ! thanks for all the support , it is wonderful to see all the love and kindness for kids everywhere ! !
work sucks . or i just need a better job .
just remember that your not my girl .
presentation on the history of morgan park and wilson park by dale green from morgan state .
right there with you
after sending a risky text , a minute feels like forever .
" before you talk , listen . before you react , think . before you criticize , wait . before you pray , forgive . before you quit , try . "
gov . scott walker's $12.1 million in fundraising since last year breaks previous record of $10 million he set in 2010
is it just me or are the koch brothers somehow behind every single thing that is wrong with this country right now ?
sometimes when laying down and typing my fingers slip and i drop my phone on my face .
what's the difference between windows 95 and a virus ? a virus does something .
someone offering free obama stickers . i thought : " maybe authorizing indefinite detention of us citizens wasn't such a good idea , was it ? "
life is like a garden , you never end up where you started .
nice shirt . .
should it still place the call , though ? i think i used to just sent it to a random url , and it would at least place the call .
i can't imagine there's just one . what are the goals ?
jeremy , you are indeed a blues traveler .
awesome :) feel free to flirt with me via twitter all you want . it will only spark my art .
that view is not quite as nice as the last one .
when i'm about to follow someone on twitter , i go through their tweets to make sure they're worthy . that last person was not .
thanks for your support good brother ! i really appreciate it . together , we can and will take alpha to new heights !
not happy about this trip , i should be at home instead taking care of more important things . grrrrr !
i'm fortunate that i've taken chances , had life experiences , so never have to wonder " what if . "
gorillas in the mist with sigourney weaver was the #1 movie this day in 1988 .
#itmakesmesmilewhen all beliebers will finally get along
operation petunias
last flight aboard the acsv borasis for charlie nielson . then home to bozeman and sweet retirement . right ?
hey everybody if you are a true shake it up fan go and follow this cool dude he isnt on shake it up but you'd be cool
good morning #bravesfam and
best morning ! rt lolol , best morning tweet . [rt] : did i oversleep . ..is it spring ?
ican explain it from a-z , any time youd like.it's pretty damn important.becauseit describes also libya,yemen,etc
i'm gonna change my life . starting now .
when you cried in little manhattan . . i cried too <3 <3
eating some ramen eating some ramen noodles *sings*
okay let's go
it was love at first sight ever since i came out of ur belly haha
i'm glad i still get hanover text alerts .
only play today is oklahoma city -8 points tonight . end the week strong and ahead
the spanish water will have rice and beans in it
lol it was a light brown/dark blonde probably hidden under a hat anyway
we expect you to be at every single event :)
life isnwordswordswordst like a pencil , you canwordswordswordst erase your mistakeswordswordswords life is more like a pen , you can white out them but they will still be therewordswordswords
kk i will tell him :)
i figure two swigs should be slightly more than 1/10 of a beer . that's all i could stomach .
is in the mood for a dos-a-rita or pina colada .
thanks for the wifi :)
oh , of course . i thought maybe the new fashion trend was gingerbread men costumes and 90s rave gear .
there's gold in them thar hills - aka basically free rep - if you rewatch your favorite tv series and ask great questions on !
by the way , winner takes home a trust-based parenting dvd and an empowering connecting and correcting dvd !
but why does harry do the inbetweeners dance different from all the other boys
just ' cuz i rock , don't mean i'm made of stone . - thevoiceofroy
#chuckbrown i feel like bustin loose . u will be missed . ..but remembered! ! !
looked at the weather this morning in sioux falls ; 33 degrees . . . . looked at the weather this morning in corpus christi ; 74 degrees . . .
thanks boo you were making me werk . first work out post 1/2 marathon .
i want this iish forever man
lol call me right now
it,will always be one of my hobbies :) haha but sadly , my lifestyle is more extensive than that !
figured out why audio kept getting added to new inspire posts . it should be fixed now . any other issues ?
thread jacking for a min : i am grateful for tricare after what i have seen others go through .
i like finding healthy things that help better me and my family's life .
thank u <3
mn schools apply for the maef spotlight award ! spotlight excellence in achievement , innovation /technology , & community ! www.maefboard.com
i think my cat might have a deviated septum or something but on the other hand i think cat snoring is cute ?
congrats ! rt : congratulations are in order for , who just got elected to the mla delegate assembly
try , way better than hootsuite !
apple is apparently packaging project gutenberg's public domain library with the ipad
sweet wall
happy humpback whale day! ! can't believe we're already halfway through the week !
pretty much got my ass handed to me . . . bugger .
can't wait til birthday it's goin wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords .
great day in bellevue , sunshine is making people happy . how about you ?
www.theouterspacemen.com we just finished up 5 more pages to the sequel . if you have not read the first book go get it now . a must read
i miss your stinkin butt
i've tried to figure this out on my own , but what is the difference between following packer people on twitter and on sulia ?
getting new tires so i can pass my inspection .
you only have the hunger games ?
spotted : ed giving a presentation in the tech area of the biblio-tech
i mean i laughed :)
the most important luck is ' who ' luck , not ' what ' luck . get a high return on it by honoring ur relationships . collins
can the uniform be a bikini instead ? !
why might you be moving ? :/
already following :)
i love you! ! !
dear bike commuter : i'm the d-bag that's secretly racing you .
i think they underestimate the grind
he was like i guess i should go unless you want me to stay she was all no stay , jordan big as hell too , its finna go down
education is the most important part of the human being . motivation will help you to reach your goal and become valuable to the society .
david maurasse now speaking regarding universities as economic engines for community stability , resiliency .
can't you just sync with your pc to get it back ?
wordswordswords i'm single . therefore i can call , text , mention , dm , talk to , walk with , hug & chill with whoever tf i want.wordswordswords
john you are awesome .
back to work now lol . ugh all these social networks and xbox live are so addicting !
every player has a ceiling and a basement . which one are you headed to ?
what kind of bf do you want ?
everythings been going great . how are things with you ?
honduras just got lucky . . . mexico hits the post in the 86th minute . . .
i've experienced too many emotions today
i just got an $800 #oil bill! ! f u #obama ! your #energypolicy sucks and is #bankrupting this country ! #fail !
got to meet the author of the creature from jekyll island " and i got it signed! ! awesome experience ,
idk maybe i just don't know what day , why ?
a dream starts as a thought ; and it's nurtured , achieved and sustained . then we go back in our minds for more work . "
sears holdings provides update on status of separation of its sears hometown . . . - sacramento bee
hehe rt : " cloud nine gets all the publicity , but cloud eight actually is cheaper , less crowded , & has a better view . " george carlin
preparing for tomorrows shoot with daniela adriaenssens . keep a look out for some behind the scenes :)
today is all about surviving at the pet store until 5- when i can turn on the bcs championship game .
so let me get this straight over 1000 of people get cancer over 1000 of people donate over a million dollars to support cancer
that awkward moment when your trying to tell about an awkward moment <<
test message .
she doesn't have any friends who don't look just like her ?
#gened12 augmentation of the network part of discovery has massive implications for higher ed . ..& not just in sciences .
now i'm debating whether to go get shaving cream for rcl , because said we'll get in trouble , & i believe her . .
right . . so i have 30 assignments do in 2 days . . .
what's a girl got to do to get a date with you ? (besides steal your sweet-tweet name . ..)
lmao my fault
instant classic ! rt : i'm a part of this nba party too !
yes sir ! can you read ms word files ?
any #glutenfree nana's fans in #darien , ct ? our big cookies and bars on sale ! 2 for $5 on bars , 4 for $5 on the big cookies !
loll we gon get fukkeddd up til die ha
nice . good luck ! do you have a race plan or goal distance ? or just " see what happens " ?
88 times a week . shout out to all of you women . . . .and lesser women
my favorite first name on the bookshop door : egmont . favorite last name : challenger . that's egmont arens and christine challenger .
not right now , but . . . rt : giambi is no longer effective . is it possible pacheco could replace him ?
obese job applicants face bias : report - ninemsn
mourvedre is definitely up there as one of my all-time favorites . hess also makes some outstanding blends
ya kno tht pic has an " error " its " not found "
beautiful , wonderful organized happy chaos !
thanks for your obvious high mental energy ; i listened to the music , that genre is well represented in my collection of sounds
pamplemousse = grapefruit . only french i know .
at my grandmothas gosh i feel so much better here
great music conference in kansas city w/ those to whom i"m proud to be called a peer . major mutual encouragement & inspiration .
i love that place( :
this week on -- looks at the worldwide grass-roots anti-billboard movement .
saw how to succeed today . you are ah ah ah . ..brilliant !
<3 rt happy birthday to my new friend and you're the best because said so !
oh , babs , you're being histrionic;"malicious intent " ? i'd love to represent the facts with you over dinner . #fascistsneedlove,too
darkness cannot drive out darkness ; only light can do that . hate cannot drive out hate ; only love can do that . - dr . martin luther king jr .
looking forward to your tweets :) we love social media & creative marketing!www.bookkeepergirl.com
we want in for the next volunteer night at
dirk was on his charlie sheen in the playoffs he deserves it
partying on friday in austin ! !
crab cakes and coding . . .
awesome i will get ahold of darni and let you know ! would love to see you all again ! !
have your friends check us out by tagging up our page , we should be dropping a new demo soon .
they are playing " must-see tv " theme songs on repeat and i know them all .
#tipontakeout ? do you ?
haha yeah , it's good . i've pushed off my related article a little bit for something more timely . :)
i miss non penis related tweets . there were a few right ?
no fan fest next year ? how about i have one at my house instead ? who's with me ?
gosh , why are some so critical about a funeral . its sickening . the whitney criticism doesn't even stop with death .
good work , john ! nice piece .
being single gets pretty boring but then again fun at the same time!( ;
so r u going to come tonite to check out ' s summer chaps ? ;)
two-faced people . ..smh . just pick one and stick to it !
not much been skateboarding alot haha:)
i think the dot races might be a little more competitive than this game
omg this hot weather is just the best , really missing the beach right now . june , come faster , please & thank you ? :)
jon bon jovi is doing advil commercials . what a rock star . in other news keith richards is doing speedball commercials .
um no . its back on
hey au ! come to park place community center for the gap tonight at 7pm . ..we will be leading worship and sharing .
well see you there girly , & you'll be a sophomore right ? & you know that's my bf right ? haa .
well i kissed him .
interesting to compare comments on obama's gay marriage announcement on nyt and washpost . nyt's more articulate , less talk radio-esque .
that was a risky bet rt : just won a eazy hunid$$
that sounds like the human version of flossing ! woof ! :)
you are welcome , everything always turns out for the better , just a drag what you went through .
>>>> ya'll are all crazy:) ! lol but ya'll are my boys:) !
. i oppose sopa and pipa . a child could get around them . they are one step from being censorship .
i aintt afraid to drown if that means i'm deep up in your ocean <3
thanks for the city/commuting bike recommendations . the hardest part is giving up my symmetry
lol ice cream for breakfast ? ur such a badass >;-))))
monday can suck a dick
" i broke 1000 hearts . . before i met you . i'll break 1000 more baby before i am through . . . "
it still surprises me that i live in a city where tickets to a lacrosse game can sell out .
i should do some writing but am going to watch tv with my wife instead .
nice to meet you ! :) i live in maryland ! fairly ish close to canada ?
getting ready for a vacation with family ! don't hesitate to contact tailored marketing though , we are always up and running !
to err is human , to forgive is infrequent .
upset the upset .
8 days until my first #halfmarathon !
hahahahaha you and me both , cod and nba
if the comparison is to the 2011 milwaukee brewers , agreed .
match 1 in the record book
and i felt violated rt : just motorboated . . .
ooh salty wins over sweet . . .
spoiler alert : we're all gonna die
crisis averted . i threw a shoe at it . and then on the 30th time . . . i actually got it .
- if i could turn back time , i would have never listened to any of that crappy music .
how is everyone doing tonight ?
heather , great to see you're at digital live , i've had my am run along embarcadero & coffee so i'm set ! -chrisv
and on friday the day i broke it i fell it was funny but then it hurt more
happy chinese new year
i think you know . . .
i don't care what political party you belong to , you must admit there is something really wrong with the way the u.s . gov't is being ran !
link to the article ! i want to read it , but i refuse to search on the swampy labyrinth of the ppg website .
arrived at choctaw casino for another fight at the nl tables . updates later .
i bought a fish , named it after my ex-boss and flushed it down the toilet . it's really the little things in life .
happy labor day from absolutely beautiful escorts in greensboro
great thanks for asking . how are you ?
- so if your happy with your grade you don't have to take it , or getting a 0 on the final won't drop you below a c- ?
wow that was a bummer
#honestyhour we can't wait for the wedding season !
looks like a good night for shepherd's pie , and a nice hand-crafted beer to go with , of course !
prayer , clean living .
play is how children learn
i hope he does !
was that shaq leaving thing supposed to be funny ?
anything photo-worthy happening on the ground near you ? tweet it !
tomorrow morning at 8:20 is at it again on talking #bestrestos , , &
she so bad but she so gay . damn
all the blogs today link to colbert on the view , none mention the heartfelt family and faith part after the o'reilly jokes .
" : when your best friend blackmails you with embarrassing pictures < " . . . . . . . our lives would be over
coffee , in bed ,
interesting ! what are you going to use for analytics instead ?
thanks , , , , #cicadaradio , #nopasaran , and #secretcountry for one hell of a night .
thanks for the follow ! have a great week !
congrats to our favorite new full professor ! ! !
why are you so cute ? ;) <3 love you
waiting on you fam !
i hate to break it to you . ..but we took that turn a long time ago
we have just renovated our retail area . come check it out ! while visiting , you might even want to grab a slice of pineapple cream cake .
it was ridiculous , they played songs from their next album and they were so fresh
hey i am a huge fan of you , no lie . it would mean the world to me if you followed me back . =)
#unchained " disappearin ' love "
gym time
screw em ! your the best aaron!! ! repeat sb mvp!! ! !
there's a playground by the office where you can hear kids playing . it's raining today so they're not out . i miss the happy sounds .
exciting , off-dry and enjoyed at room temperature or chilled on a warm summer day
tom needs to make a twitter .
oh yeah & i also met you guys exactly one year ago :') aw
hi robin . is " blue river " based on a real co town ?
where's my twinny ? :(
good morning to all . positive thoughts bring positive actions . today will be a productive day .
go follow asap his tweets just make my day :-)
i know !
idk my sister ordered it for me . it was like some strawberry minty thing . everyone knows how i love me my mint . wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
traffic is horrible this morning
agreed ! watched him at farmer's insurance open @ torrey pines in person last week . so happy for him today . what a turnaround !
it ain't real to me , therefore it doesn't exist ! famoosh wordswordswords . son of a bi*** !
wordswordswords : dodgers/padres . could there be a game with two better team announcers ? vin scully and dick enberg! " j . coleman is in hof
you want to see something funny ? go to youtube type in " grandson gets brain freeze " it's the first one
brown jersey ? that's for the cleveland browns . ..we're hard core black ! i like the white jersey idea , tho !
dont know if were making more but if we start selling them ill let you know
so glad i got switched to the morning shift !
i love listening to while i haircut and haircolor
did jesus rise from the dead to kill mike wallace ? #eastermassacre #toosoon ?
dear god , today i commit to you to act today with the light of advent shining through me . thank you god for taking care of me .
#nlcatlanta there are alot of people that call themselves professionals but dont have the tools . .
well out of work early and heading to the beach :)
so u think pitino was honorable for having sex w/ his employees wife in a restaurant ? they were both horribly wrong/fire able acts
long day , short class . lots of library today .
sweet , you're a lucky girly !
i can't believe this . i don't understand!!!:((
if you can give us time , location , direction and 4 digit bus number we can look into these incidents . thank you .
maybe . or #netflix will spike .
just checked the fantasy baseball standings and it looks like i'm in first again ? ! i think we need another jorts bet . . .
what they used to call me when i was younger lmbo cuz of my big bootey !
daily #homeschool tip : put together a history film series from early man to modern times : popcorn and movies = history by stealth
proud and envious , in a culinary sense !
i'll have you know i am a phenomenal skier . but i have to decline the invite .
remember when randall delgado was fast ? me neither .
ugly ass
this morning , covered this " skyrocketing " new trend with teens , eating and huffing hand sanitizer . that stuff is 120 proof ? !
shoutout thanks for sharing our stuff ! we appreciate it =)
wow ! is working on a project that includes history of funding of sleepy hollow . i can see my house from here . . .
i'm always the first one to laugh in a serious situation with my friends when we're getting in trouble .
do you have a dream for your family ? or is your dreaming just for yourself ? how do you work towards it ? because it is work . ..the best kind .
<--- is ready to get faded
good news ! 1 more week (or so) until gets back to showing movies people can't see anywhere !
indeed ! by the by , have you had a chance to check out matt maher's new album ? i've listened to just a few songs .
:-) hope your family is having a blast with her ! !
we are the largest christian music webzine out there . i want be sensitive to your not wanting to be pigeonholed
why not 1 of each!! ! :) after all the #derby is on #cincodemayo! ! celebrate both! ! :)
listening to reading a japanese novel in wales , thinking about greek island hopping next month and wishing i was back in los angeles .
" : tony : wordswordswordsyou look different.wordswordswords | wordswordswordsviolet : wordswordswordsi feel different . is different okay ? wordswordswords | tony : wordswordswordsdifferent is great.wordswordswords wordswordswordsthe incredibles "
not because i don't like her but because i just can't deal
ready for day 9 of the #huguely trial . more defense witnesses . judge says case will run saturday if no verdict friday . you good ?
need intensive bunn therapy after sitting here at body shop with folgers actively brewing . please hurry , enterprise pickup !
a service manager already called and apologized for the poor service i received . my package should arrive today .
finding the right dog is hard , sigh . applying to rescue groups sucks , more sigh .
the day for what ?
actually im going to sleep ill call tomorrow . it wasnt important
thanks , kelly ! if you read it starting from day 1 , you'll soon get your bearings re #dialect for #actors rt love . your website !
thanks for the mention . it's a labor of love .
what are you up to ?
rihanna really got a tattoo that say " thug life " wow . ri i love you alot but u aint no thug . ok i guess .
giving today here in #carmel . even without the movie and dinner pass giving blood is a good thing .
i signed up to see u on camslover but cant find you .
it makes you take a step back & fall back down to earth & reality & really;genuinely appreciate what you do have
aso who goes on that pof thing its so funny to me
aha i love my fiancwordswordse :)
you know you're busy when you haven't tweeted in a week .
okay , any time after like 7pm your time i'm good .
performing at 7:30 tonight at the arts mill in grafton
i eat the first piece too . m lol
can we still vote #dragrace #phiphiohara for the next drag superstar
today was the most amazing weather in coconut grove for a park party! ! !
hell yes , i love these guys . gonna be scary good when they get healthy too .
on the way to see conan perform tonight .
does anyone have some ideas about why ihs acquired isuppli ?
metta has the chance to show some class with an apology to harden tnight , instead he says " he doesn't shake reserves hands " - not surprised .
they performed at the today !
rt : in case you're new to this , #hff12 is the official hashtag for the 2012 hollywood fringe festival
i know right , i guess they are good for some things !
senate votes this week on plan to end #medicare !
what are you watching ?
that's something you need to do , cus i've been waiting for it forever . . . chill , i'm whallin ' right now lmao
hahahaa you would have my baby !
you mean not before midnight ? because sunday starts at 12:00 a.m . or not until later in the weekend ?
hit me up for some weed brownies
let's do this #brewers!!!!! ! #finishem! ! !
and out of nowhere , fall appears . . .
does anyone know when then j crew spring rewards cards expire ?
can i have a cup of the ' chicken dye-jon ' soup please ?
- we used to get the same attitude at mbs . and free wi-fi .
does that mean i could sell my polaroid camera for big bucks ?
#teamcossom fanz i'm locked outta my page but i'll be back asap! ! !
happy to share that we're using libguide api & pulling course-specific content directly into our lms : moodle
ready for a tour !
i <3 my guitar !
cross country skis today , snowshoes tomorrow !
that thing does not like dwayne .
i keep pussy runnin like ah faucet
per #christian #fundamentalists salvation is guaranteed by being " saved . " then u can be totally evil the rest of ur life & go 2 heaven . wtf ?
friday is here .
ah . . . first day off in a while . feels good after a very successful weekend at andy's with cgq .
certainly . but lucky for us : you are one of the people i know who is most likely to say something useful in 140 characters . welcome !
i love this red in my hair yo !
huge shoutout to thanks for helping me ! every1 go follow if u want to meet a super nice person !
i do text you a lot don't i ? :d <3
i'll use that tweet . just gonna replace my name with your's since you're the magical ones .
bill , where are you going ? : . . . shifted the way i thought about/interacted with the lib .
my name is tyrone freaknasty jackson and i would like to be booked for the next show .
getting a tweet from would make my night!miobi taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guyswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
wonderful evening of worship at tonight ! much needed . . .
thanks hugh - bloomindale is the 2nd up and coming neighborhood :) we love our good friends and neighbors in
i told willie but i feel bad he has work i dont wanna make him do that !
had so much fun dancing last night and this morning! ! taking a quick breather before dance again this afternoon lol :)
yeah once we have them they're all yours . thanks so much for your interest . we've tweeted a few sneak preview pics .
damn marie put that blinker on flip the u and come back over
gran just showed me the 1 , 2 , 3 cakes . . . .she said when she showed you , you asked if she was trying to make you fat
what are you studying ? !
if you would like us to market your product/service/business or yourself , contact us at .
home- made chocolate chip cookies :-) . . lets bake !
my buddy dr . mike mersol's egg bank in mi will be on fox national news tonight ! big helpers of young adults with cancer re : fertility!! ! :)
happy birthday trey parker !
#funniestthingiheardtoday " you seem very structured " . ..cause i am a complete mess .
with the new online auction , you can decide the price you want to pay for surgery just by bidding and participating
(cont.) how do you make love to a person animal style ? " <---- worst questions a child can ask . best questions a child can ask someone else !
i meant to say y aren't u lol such i am dumbas lol sorry . haha
about time it snowed !
1) it tastes so good 2) easy 3) no real fat . :-( good baking requires butter , consistency , time , & accuracy .
if for nothing else , i can be happy about giving blood today . that is really all i got . . .
cool . . . . i wish you much luck with that ! how long do you have left to go ?
gm tweety pies . getting the hair done before i hit the road with
picked up that #sandiegoclippers jersey though shout out to
is it really so terrible that i laugh at adults who put their fingers in their ears when the f-15s take off at #pdx ?
off to minnesota and salt lake city . make sure to check out my new blog , teenkillers.com . and go steelers!! ! !
sadly #rbny fans feel same way rt : rt : all the in know that
your amazing ! it would totally make my day , if you would please follow me !
no wonder consumerist voted you worst company in america , just put the damn jerseys in the game . don't make me buy them . . .
do you enhance family life w/technology : digital mobile technology ? as a pastor/fam man , do u think tech is a + for families ?
what if we used to be able to make wishes but then someone wished we couldn't ?
one big hole in #spotify : search by record label . this is so important for electronic music .
that's adorable ! my needles are sparking as i finish up a knitty i do for my friend's wedding . yarn : cascade sierra sunshine .
ultra petroleum reports first quarter 2012 financial and operating results , board of directors approve $100.0 million . . .
keep the answers coming in , we'll let you know the answer on monday
it seems like everyday i hear about another library system that is pulling fifty shades of grey . i thought we had moved passed banning books
#grammys taylor swift introducing glenn campbell . why not bring in jimmy webb ?
apparently this is also the standard policy at netflix and " other forward-thinking corporations . "
happy birthday , allie! ! rt : thank you and for the cookie dough brownie birthday treats !
and there's the whole " promoting #mixtape " aspect . but how will i watch #gameofthrones amidst all that craziness ?
one earth . ..204 countries,809 islands,7 seas,7 billion people . . . . . . . .and i'm still single
crazy that i am in minneapolis at the same time as the american association of museum meetings and am missing them . conference tsunami .
sun , mon , & tues our board certified physician will be authorizing patients who qualify & providing complete care , e.g . bp meds , etc .
mushrooms ! and prosciutto
congratulations to our first team sponsor - ibew !
what would i do without ashely ( :
shoutout to women who give head raw , then pull out a rubber for sex . . . oh , its ok for whatever he got to be in your mouth though ?
it'll just be standard . i'll get back to you on the appt . thanks !
who is your twitter crush ?
what happened to your old twitter ? :(
the sight/sound of me trying to sing harmonies along with great songs has got to be the silliest looking thing ever .
also rising from dead this morning . rocky vs . clubber lang tomorrow night . kd and westbrook , we need to bring it .
suttin has good argument but i wonder to what extent fundamentalist antiliberalism derived from 1920s culture wars
love new board feeling
we have space , but is doing unannounced construction for a while . u looking for space just in gtown ?
less than 3 weeks away ! we came as romans , miss may i , of mice & men @ the loft , have you gotten your tickets yet! ! !
sounds good . how is next tuesday ?
one of these days mike carey is going to poke an eye out
lol xd and this is all because of a pack of cigarettes . we are truly best friends if we can fight over this xd
obsessing over someone really cute that you don't even know at the store
that last one she was sidestepping and diggins slid . . . charges are out of control in both wbb and mbb imo
more from ukansas ' cunningham : test the tech with the precise conditions a week ahead of time . a new web browser might break things .
yay ! so happy to hear it !
if you are a librarian from australia , introduce yourself .
this actress needs a theatrical agent . referrals ? ideas ? send em my way !
dude was freakin ' me out on the 848wordswordswordshandlebars , hold on to ' em !
nice ! going to be a great workout tomorrow!! ! xoxoxox
mackbook pro has arrived , loading with programs now . our post production capabilities just doubled .
you are not alone #michaeljacksonsmusic >
bbq tonight . txt me if you want in on this
justins skype : j*b*94**x* - justins cell# : 551-***-**** want the rest ? follow - im only picking 10 winners! ! (hurry!) '
rt : i don't have to ask y'all vols fans who you're cheering for in this game , do i ?
sent you a dm . . . kick me a msg with your address so i can mail out your shirt
everyone ! i got hacked! ! so follow my new account
indiana n miami gonna be a dog fight ? haha shut up chuck
my 1000th tweet !
#nw : we were soldiers .
did you know ? mark twain filed for #bankruptcy in 1894 !
a watered down version of the gospel is just not . . . . . ..the gospel .
lol . sounds like we both fail . ( : <3
my favorite will always be you leslie !!! ! !
perfect intro haha . nice
because tetris could really happen ? rtwordswordswords : fifa soccer could possibly be the most unrealistic game in the history of any gameswordswordswords
a parent who abandon their kids does by choice rt don't take it personally nothing other ppl do is cause of you . its cause of themselves .
alas , men aren't too interested yet . perhaps they should promote it as a benefit : " flirt & spit , it's the best you'll git! "
do you still keep in touch with korn ? i know david is chillin at his restaurant in huntington beach !
please go follow kayla . ..she's just now starting to use her account again & she needs more followers =)
it got so quiet i heard the guy in front of me scratch his a . . . .affinity for piety , and yes , the iphone changes poetry to piety .
oddly enough , if your job is to open enough re-re-used ill envelopes , you develop a definite opinion on the topic . [4 max]
rt!!!!! ! everyone please follow my new account !!!!! ! !
i like charlize therons character but idk just seems very blah-zay
hope y'all never get it twisted,i'm more than happy with my lady,better yet wifey ,just in case anybody had any questions
don't be nervous , you know your stuff ! can't wait to watch !
have show choir auditions in a bit .
churro sale soon !
thanks melissa . i need to take more time to learn how to maximize my twitter use .
time to pretend - mgmt
cup o noodles for the soul .
here by the washington monument ! next to the stage , off independence ave and 15th street
u kno poor asians with their poor thoughts . ..let him root with his dirty frnds . . . .
lots of windows phones at the national concert tonight .
join us friday for hopkins : a world inside a city @ turner auditorium . lauri reamer , md , an anesthesiologist , will share her story .
haha oh okay :)
ok , i'll go to bed now . . .
this is a good episode of rookie blues
where is this ? at a house ?
feel like i got to chill at the cool kids table down in columbus yesterday . . . enjoyed all the brilliant minds at
shop goodwill on tuesday rosecrans store and trade . your receipt for 91x boos cruise tickets from 3-4 in park lot behind store !
and , i'd listen to them , too !
wha ? first ? my mouth just watered . for reals .
if you want to support long-lasting change in the region , support other ngo's . hear it straight from founders: . . .
take care of her today -- but u guys are good . . . u always take care of her ! love u guys !
snowing in the big city . ..time for a movie , truffle popcorn and bubbly !
why the hell did justin tweet he's glad to be back in canada when he's in florida at selena's concert . . . . .
when else are you playing ? we're on our way there and play at 630 .
- i guess worst case scenario is you'd have to sleep out there . ..you'd be alright with your smoker and top notch home gym ;-)
this freakin ant just tried me . oh effff no .
hey : please explain to me why mad mike wants to take on pat lafontaine
me too . lol
never watch the vow by yourself
tough road game at the end of the season will let us know where we stand for super bowl run .
wish i had someone to chill with tonight
congrats man , best of luck out there .
so today all the 8th grade got a lecture about drama and violents . it was pretty great.jk !
be a warrior . ..not a worrier . - karen salmansohn
sweep , sweep , sweep .
someday , i'll make a minor scratch of change in this world . someday .
cynical as always ! :)
reading my may issue (yay) and spending time with the family .
i thought you were trying to handle your money better ? i guess that was just an excuse .
dammit , you're tempting me to go back to facebook , i haven't found good new music in ages
i was wondering about that .
who is that ugly bearded hippy beside you in your profile pic dude
dropping some #dubstep tune in ! www.xradio.biz click listen live house !
discovered by chance that a certain almost-14-mos-old knows how to delete emails on my ipad .
hey ariana ! how are you ?
so unfair to impugne skills of residential rate advisors without letting them defend themselves character assassination
we think this coming tuesday is the real #supertuesday bc it's your first chance to catch #lostinyonkers ! previews start 3/13
it was an okay drawing at best would ur idea of paradise involve a beach/vino rojo/music/dancing/sunsets/studs ?
give her a break
just drove past my ex's dad . . . . awkward . he stared me down with the death glare . . . .
and if you've been wondering about these tweets , join the best sports biz chat on twitter at #sbchat every sunday at 9:30 pm et .
do you have a second to talk over the phone ?
thank you for the review debbi ! that was a nice surprise !
if i had a dollar for every busted sombrero i've seen on the street today . . .
travel , of course , narrows the mind.- malcolm muggeridge . (hmm ? )
spoke to very helpful agent at state depart about fs-240 and n600 . a lot to learn , but we're doing it ! best to all !
no one knows what he can do until he tries .
how can one do research on something not even seen ? i would not trust biased research .
the teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind .
lol got u all day bro
wordswordswords : sex with a #gemini is unforgettable!wordswordswords
it's so nice out !
gearing up for #horrorhound in columbus , ohio next weekend ! too excited !
working on a few of projects . business is picking back up .
i seriously love , (even if v-nasty has her crazy moments) & ! ! <3 xoxo
severe thunderstorms just west of dodge and fond du lac county . this complex of storms moving east at 30 mph .
humility is the foundation of all virtues
probably only if sherrod's recovery is taking too long ?
ceeeeeeeelooooooo , what's up w/ u ?
i definitely love girls who wear baseball caps .
& btw , i'm so excited for you( : your gonna be a great mother! ! being a mommy is hard work , but its all worth it !
aflac is looking to fill two summer sale internships . they'll pay 4 your license . must be full time sophomores or higher w/ min . 2.75 gpa :)
lol you don't really need it there tho do you ?
yea man , legs to grow ! you good on the bench ?
i'm taking a nap before the show and also downing caffeine . hedging my bet ?
bringing the fam to rt : where are you spending this evening - the biggest bar night of the year ?
today is my 16th birthday and i wish would notice me for once <3
wut happened to him ?
for you--a moment , for us--unending gratitude : tell your friends about our fantasy indie flick ! retweet indiegogo.com/verlosser-a-short-film
funniest guy on twitter !
then#igrill is the bomb
wtf cadbury's ! what a sad day for a british institution . it's now owned by kraft . disgusting .
you're welcome . enjoy !
tweet your favorite so we know what to play on tour !
okc or the spurs will be in the finals
i enjoyed the middle tonight . the show sort of reminds me of the wonder years .
i love that the scissor sisters are trending in the uk !
nobody cares about your pregnancy omfg i just want my boyz
yes ! wordswordswords : glad to announce i accepted the marketing and social media coordinator position with ! :) #pr #marketing #careerwordswordswords
i don't belong here !
mcnabb felt disrespected way benched . . . ..give me a break . . . ..gotta win games to stay on the field lad !! ! !
pls rt : #twitterstorians ! americanists ! welcome ' s to twitter ! follow for seminars , fellowships , & news !
this is just bizarre . jeter has been stretching this out for weeks , sets an exact time to decide -- and isn't ready ?
i'm sure we can scare some up over at stamp , meet you at the top/front door at 4
things i hope are slowly starting to move forward . . i just hope they keep rolling and get better .
benefits of exceptional customer experience are clear : 400% higher conv , 41% lower cart abandon , 17% more recos
ah i loved it , i want to stay up all night and finish the book
people need a way to plug into good things .
chillin with and celebrating rrrrory's birthday !
my personal trainer just called . bootcamp cancelled , shovel snow for your workout !
a child's life is like a piece of paper on which every person leaves a mark .
bob bought this team in mid 90's for under $90mil and now its worth $380-400mil . he doesnt want to win . hes happy with $15mil a yr
nothing is cheap which is superfluous , for what one does not need , is dear at a penny . -- plutarch 46-120 ad , greek essayist , biographer
studying for this test -___-
if doesn't start at least 8 games this year for the #seahawks , it'll be an absolute travesty .
did u know that if u listen to n****s in paris really closely near the beginning they say " we killed 2 pac " in the background
what are your thoughts on us southern border control
why are you speaking when no one asked you ?
stop in see the captain before tonight's game ! go cubs !
make my day and follow me ? <333
thanks for the retweets ana ! i hope you're having a fantastic day !
its my last chance to see everybody maranatha and i can't go . . .
if i cared what fiance's think i wouldn't have my job !
two wrongs don't make a right
you always want food!;)
best of detroit event by hour magazine at the sound board june 22nd , 2012 tickets $85.00 see you there !
i really should be doing my essay . . .
seems like the reps . grew some cojones and yold it like it is . the incentive pkg . is all lib pork . mrkt is not happy .
mac celebrates miami's moms #macmoms w/
gin soaked boy- the divine comedy
it literally has it all : a kung-fu granny , a fight scene between a little kid & blonde ' 80s skank , an urban cowboy and indian . . .
i made me bot a rage tweet function . will it rage tweet ? roll saving throw against rage tweet !
i'm at the sunset tonight with and doors at 9pm , $8 benefits homeward pet adoption center .
i love 1d too . . but i just made a new acc not used this . . cause i still love austin too . . he can't be replaced
guess i'll be popping in to do some filming tomorrow night , can't wait . have a great thursday .
i don't know the key to success , but the key to failure is trying to please everybody . ~ bill cosby
celebrate national chip & dip day (self-explanatory) & near miss day , the day an asteroid missed hitting us by 500,000 miles in 1989 .
had a good run . maybe create an honorary account ? has been born . . . .take note .
me , today = unbelievably fast email processing machine .
hopefully the next album can help me out cause i'm now livin ' this life with foolproof doubts .
have u checked out our website ? since you're on twitter & not working , check it out . we promise not to tell your boss www.epicureangroup.net
thanks for that !
are u dangling them fishing pole style ?
yes yes yes yes . . . we'll see u back in detroit .
that last part of the #walkingdead had me in literal tears . . . i can't even handle this .
if you continue practicing a bad habit like not improving spelling/grammar , imagine what your children will learn from you .
i'm totally in #missouri , #radiosilence for 5 days .
cant tell where my head is ritee noww ?
man i wish my shirt kums tomarrow
based on romney lacking courage to stand behind his ideas , why would anyone think he'd have the guts to order the raid on bin laden ?
great read , classy to see people realize what mr davis did for the game of football and it's players
just spotted miley at lincoln in miami,not hard considering all the paparazzi -.-
again , having a keurig is dangerous . i will now consume 100% more coffee .
again i'm not putting romo in best qb of all time category , obviously-but he belongs in top tier of current qbs
#punchline and then there were no more latkes!!! ! . . . .latkes !
i had no idea u stood for gay rights . i use gmhc's services all the time . and it cuz of ppl like u that i get to keep going !
. . . .hm i feel like it could still be someone they know because i mean come on a fan could not have taken some of those . . .
i dont believe a thing that comes out your mouth anymore
cafe iberia features a new espresso on the go ! check out cafe iberia on facebook !
i just saw a dr . scholl's ad that said its gel soul insert could make me dance hip-hop . i might video it . i feel like a new man already .
snyder's concerns : does vr really help learning ? will educators use interactive content ? will content creators share ?
i really don't feel like sitting home alone all night . i need to get out of the house . any ideas ?
really ? k , what size shoe do you wear ?
taking every ounce of restraint not to reread catching fire right now but then i wouldn't sleep tonight .
wait for it . . . .wordswordswords paul folks obligated to vote for romney on 1st tampa ballot , but . . . #nvgopwordswordswords
12/28/2010 blogs and purchase decisions [charts] penn olson blog
promises promises made and broken !
i'll be doing that tomorrow .
amen amen
just redid my bracket . call me crazy - still have ' cuse in the final 4 .
so glad to hear it ! :)
the real question is why am i not at
thanks for info on vaclav havel and the dalai lama .
that's awesome do it , i'm gonna ask for one but i'm sure there just gonna look at me funny have you ever asked for one before ?
in flight , and wondering if i look homely because this passenger next to me just asked me if i wanted something to eat and they'll pay 4 it
dom dom dom . peeps - follow him ! he's one of our talented #newstage actors !
things may seem bleak right now , but i know that this storm will past and the sun will shine brighter than ever before .
#firstread : the new yorker reboots online books coverage
getting ur old scarf<<<<
what was the context ?
so the rapture is happening on saturday taking all the christians away , hmm , i don't see a downside
i know ! people were all talking about that last game too .
if you want sunny , come to the sunshine state duffy ! :)
sometimes i like to test companies social media efforts by tweeting them , it's always refreshing to see companies who are doing it right
heh heh . .bam . .u got me lil one . .shot me down . ..want me to change it fo u ?
whoever said " it's all in the journey " never had to deal with penn station .
the only thing better than vanilla ice cream is cookie dough ice cream!!!! ! we love life lol !
i get one particular bag inconsistently challenged on those smaller planes . it always makes it on , though .
i occasionally click on the ads in awesome youtube videos . it's how i support the arts .
there was a ben franklin in the box when i went by earlier ! an ipad is a much better prize .
nope , but it works today ! thanks ^kg
you might think " well , it looks like you're working on it, " but no . i'm totally not .
#hookmeup with some new music guys ! send links my way !
green mint latte - refreshing and delicious .
rest in peace maurice sendak . ..you have inspired many young readers !
it's understandable how hard it is for joakim noah to act like a human being , considering he looks so much like a monkey
yo tell carena , and charlie hi . charlie is a girl . her mom was the princabal when i was there
i wish i couldcatch them out of s.d ~ have a great trip !
you're trophy
if i go down there it won't b to go to the game , can't afford it . but i'm always down for a party
it's two diff plans but the same issue . empl w/ pensions had to add 3% . the 11 to 5% impacts empl w/a diff plan .
anyone taking part in bank transfer day ? we want to talk to you .
but i said when you're " about to stand up" . therefore i haven't yet . haha
ch energy and fortis file joint petition requesting regulatory review for merger
hun , you don't get it .
today's $1000 winner on www.getrichradio.com was jim hernandez . congratulations jim ! tomorrow you could be our winner . tune in to win !
why u worried about who between theses theighs its " not u "
" jesus christ holy mackerel that's a lot of cabbage " - my elderly asian doctor , as we discuss poker and tournament buy-ins
" they're all violent lads . well except for niall , he just sits there and smiles "
lol is the best off twitter haha
wordswordswords : why are flies so fukin fast ? ! ? !wordswordswords why are you so slow ?
follow . . ill follow back !
i am bored out of my mind :/
as long as i'm your analyst for the baylor game ! haha
sitting at work !
girls that date there best friends ex i dont approve of that !
@ houston symposium for research in education & psychology . i'm impressed w/the breakfast spread . nice work gso !
good to hear it went well . i the month has flown by .
my work is done for the night . i'll be up in a couple hours . night everyone .
haha . thanks . i did a little track in school and swam for about 11 years . that really helped . ( :
obviously im not the only one that ' changed ' .
when im irritable , every little thing pisses me off .
you need mark your territory by out wooing those woo girls . woo !
going to a battle of the bands tonight to cheer on my friend's band skye prison .
my first #templefootball game comes as an alumni . come tailgate with us . go owls .
finger blasting
some of it yes , why ? lol
that's a good thing , right ? wish i could say that ever !
oh my goodness ! i just saw that i have a $40 credit at actors key ! yay ! workshop . :)
heh . kotaku's tweet about the same thing called them " less valuable players . " i think that's funny .
i rember when i use to turn on spongebob , and knew any episode playing .
frozen ones do for sure .
got it . thanks . & interesting choice by burke of a story to cite .
i really , really like that rule!! ! !
good luck !
watching ellen! ! justin and carly are gonna come on! ! !
thx for the feedback on salaries . i have some great summer internship candidates coming your way . expect to hear from them soon !
aw damn haha well if you ever out here bro , just get at me and i'll hook you up !
lmfao blame kenny
im a leader not a follower . .
i'm a beats then lyrics kinda girl . just asking ur opinion of some songz . and i won't be on here bc i'm getting up at 4am
oh . i'm still on season 1 , episode 5 . i'll catch up though !
is your faith strong enough to sustain your increase ?
you coming threw ?
" this time , like all times , is a very good one , if we but know what to do with it . " - ralph waldo emerson
but seriously .
great week !
hans ordered them - but it's probably a few weeks before they arrive . :(
have joined together to bring you a great event on april 19th at 8:00! ! come out and have a great night !
haha the rays walk josh and adrian comes up and hits a 3 run homer! ! #karma ! !
just trying to make the future , better than the past
omg you are too cute
sore and tired after a long day moving . love the new crib !
you'll never overcome your problem until you admit you have a problem .
his ideas . hahahahaha .
how you gonna let a cat break up a relationship
you know what refrain keep hearing at this discussion on rda ? ' cataloger's judgment . ' trust the intelligence of your staff !
just saw my baby boy kill and eat a roach !! ! so proud !
don't try to play stupid with me . i'm better at it .
" bagels ! cream cheese! " oh #henry cast , you crack me up .
i want sum damn crabs!! ! !
starting to think about fading #ravens . pollard can't cover , older on d , lackluster weapons for flacco , oher's pass pro struggles . . . hmm
rt trampoline with my lovee and mike ( :
was it comfortable ? lol
that was an embarrassing topic to tweet rather than search for . looking for news on his ryan flipflop .
going to hit balls .
but examining what access this grants you & what you choose to work on will become your politics and pedagogy in action
based on standard lender guidelines , wewordswordswordsll get you a good idea of what kind of terms & loan program you can expect to benefit most from .
what is it called when your downtime is just working a little more leisurely ?
after fertilizing , thoroughly water your roses . if desired , you can apply two inches of mulch around the
need to eat a frog , it's best to do it first thing in the morning . and if it's two frogs , it's best to eat the biggest one first .
turn on tweets whatislovetoaboss ?
hi meghna , we'd like to hear your reflections on 9/11 . " what were you doing on 9/11 ? " book proceeds go to charity .
havent slept all night . probably gonna try and stay up all day . doubt it .
we agree ! rt : #html5 a surprising amount of fun . (via )
about to throw down at lifetime . scrawny ass kids chirping my flow cause i'm using a machine they want
tosa fire responding to car vs tree . 2200 block of wauwatosa
mosely needs to retire now!! ! !
#denverleadership ersek " in denver people ask how are you and they mean it . you have to answer , in detail! "
will post a pic of the onesie giveaway soon !
john marinatto has resigned as big east commissioner , sources tell cbssportscom's brett mcmurphy .
indeed there was ! and yes you is don't lie ! !
in the mix tuesday #steppinout at lucky lounge and #inspired thursday at paradiso . new monthly starts 4/21 at the rocksteady details coming .
let's not ignore that wwe's triple h was there too . . . seriously floyd ?
what's your favorite ethnic food ? i have to go with mexican !
that is a terrific solo piano christmas album ! !
just yawned . . wow ! i'm pretty shocked cause i am not tiredd . .
when i grow up i want to live in brooklyn .
san antonio in the house ! wordswordswords : #amasummit #ls12 is starting out strong in chicago . excited to be representing san antoniowordswordswords
is there any way you can keep that , maybe as a plugin ?
best adapted screenplay with ttss , hugo and the descendants in the same category is the toughest to predict . best cinematography too .
rt : i wish you the best!!>>>>thanks so much ! john
#teenwolf might become a new summer fave :)
audience gasped when he said this . rt : healthcare - go big or get out ! - keckley
is it bad that the thing i'm most excited for in thor 2 is more idris elba as heimdall ?
schralping looks good on you
do you know any good small venues out there ?
what can we do about the situation in syria ? you , walt , and jim wrote the book .
i am reading " in the garden of beasts " by erik larson , who proves again that truth is stranger than fiction .
oh yeah ! haha
if you see something , say something . if you think a child has been abused , please call 1-800-25-abuse
i ate like total crap today . not kidding . im totally regretting it .
great to see a so cal native making it in the big leagues and on my blue jays to boot ! keep it up ! !
i want a dog named monkey .
who's #1 on the countdown tonight ? hey ! i just met you !
and many of em rt don't watch hs football , so i'd be game for usafa cfb games on friday nights . great tickets available i bet
i neither loved nor hated it .
just ordered a soundgarden and mother love bone shirt , bbyz cum 2 mama
ty and may god bless you and yours as well ! !
i feel ya ,but steroids make you great ! you don't see mediocre players use them , do y . ..ooooohhhh .
thank you !
thanks for following
sueco and starita are back in the studio again to produce another release !
i see u got to meet andreas yesterday
14 days until my concert :) can't believe i'll finally be breathing the same air as my 5 husbands . . .
it was wonderful to speak yesterday at the north shore conference , your an amazing group of successful women . ..to follow up an learn more . . .
last chance to be cast in these ny shows : may 3rd julie madison from abc " one to live " & may 7th kevin kuffa " law & order ci "
our movers are so strong they can move thousands of boxes without breaking a sweat ! even can't do that! ! !
be safe , have a great time , show some pictures !
#maddennfl13 soundtrack created by colin o'malley , unique soundtrack for every menu . no more ea trax , good way to save on licensing ?
taylor's probably gonna end up deleting the tweet if she sees all these " that's not fair " tweets .
so effing good . . . . . .ugh ! !
you in town ?
see faith u have hoes
thank you so much . i appreciate all the love & support .
i gotta say , sara , i gasped a little .
we can't agree ! he's been awesome with said posture .
" if you jump out of a plane without a parachute , of course you're going to die " - my logic prof , 15 min . after handing out the last midterm
mitt romney to appear on respirator for honda return to reinstate lawsuit accusing gov't officials say .
listening to music to incorporate into fair play movie
hey , whatever works !
being a smart shopper is the first step to getting rich . ~ mark cuban
nearly 20 years ago , an archaeologist told me that " stones do not move" . the ancient animations prove that statement wrong .
grand opening january 9th !
life isn't about finding yourself , it's about creating yourself
no one wants to tweet nolan ) ;
i'm going to say it hokey stretches are erotic .
:-( i left work at 130 . . . i knew that was gonna happen - be safe !
so awesome to see how connected you are to the g.i . joe community sir ! retalition looks brilliant and i think most of that is you .
reading blogs for 4 hours probably wasn't very productive . is like digital crack
thanks for the rt dudes .
the louisiana research collection welcomes the louisiana historical association to nola for their 2012 annual meeting
better now now im off to bed with my princess
do not limit yourself . many people limit themselves to what they think they could do . you can go as a long way as your brain lets you .
i had a good bday yesterday
" investing in online video is no longer optional, " says digitas ' stephanie sarofian . " today's viewer is not just passively sitting and watcwordswordswords
yes ! you should :)
ughh it stings like a mofo !
i have it .
y r u being followed by a bisexual fashion designer ?
blended some raw irish moss in to my smoothy . it's loaded with protein , a,b,c,d vitamin and lot of other life-enhancing nutrients .
ps - please don't tweet about my mom -> she's a minister (i'm the son of a preacher(wo)man!) - would hate to make things weird ! ;)
really didn't want to , but work is driving me towards a pretty out of control weekend . sorry in advance
i hope her story involved a van full of clowns .
can i enroll my child for chapter 220 online .
i love my boyfriend and i don't care about your opinion . :)
hate is only adimiration in disguise ! -kb4h
me : i want to do a coming of age ceremony like african vs quince . . m : ur not african . . . me : for my final presentation -__-
rt : where the mild things are
i think you should make a spontaneous trip to san diego . it's only a couple hours away from los angeles ! please ?
thanks ! : such a fun , creative idea !
thank you , a bunch :d
i like that option
the form misses you also!!trying to get us up in that area soon ! !
trying not to be a dick about this , but when is the vidcon video gonna be uploaded ? cause im super excited ! :)
t^t this makes me so sad . rt : way too many women in paris wear uggs
that's true , but before she was mean about it . she was nicer for some reason .
thanks to everybody that came to the bedouin soundclash show . ..hope to see you at stars & stripes and uncle sam jam , too !
i watch every #nyj game . it's not so much where he's at right now , but clearly on his way to special status .
i love your songs!!)
my white neighbors looked confused when i moved in , if they ask i'm say i play for the giants or jets just cuz lol
arnold is an idiot ! !
cuz im a lesbian . but its okay :) rt : why the face ? lol
wednesday thursday friday todd !
oh the perils of cleanliness .
sure , if someone asks me !
i often wonder why my #catholicguilt is so mean and won't leave me alone !
love ya nugget wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
something different
me too . ok so im looking for our icon of justins ass and pics of justin grabbing selena's butt keeps popping up . . . . lol
13:35 left in the third . oakland leads penn state 3-2
new york's hottest club is splash . ..this club has everything . an entire indian call center , little dogs in sweaters , snow cones . . .
b&w awarded $150 million environmental equipment and construction services contract for wisconsin power plant
lets talk about it;-)
*hugs you*
. . . .so , checkitout and enjoy some real good music!!! ! #teamvip (very improved people) >>leggo>>
bring it!! ! rt momos is about to feel the bemba soul tribe force . $5 before 930
back to work in a few more hours wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords for #clippers & #lakers i'll need double shot starbucks to stay up on it
cool- putting on some more this week too
sorry for replying so late . but he is an aspiring 15 yr old singer that lives in texas
me time wordswordswords
#familyreunion #drink choices require careful consideration . cola's the norm . don't forget caffeine-free/diet beverages .
thank you johnna! ! ( :
aw damn 3 ? i feel your pain , i had 2 today that drained me . good luck marky mark , i know you got it !
so let me get this straight cottenelle , i am supposed to name the toilet paper and fresh poop wipes combo ? that is your promotion ? ok . . .
two days away ==> fundraisers on may 3rd at 5:00pm ! check the next group of #startups present to a panel of #angels !
nice work !
we be on that chi-co ( chi-rado) connect
true that xx
you guys are awesome ! have an amazing new year ! i'll see you in 2012 ! !
why is it that everytime i go on twitter , #monsters are tearing people apart ?
smelly garbage ? sprinkle baking soda in the bottom of your garbage cans to combat odor and retard fire !
i can't even sleep yo .
a very peaceful , rainy day .
dude , you gotta think ahead .
tell me about it :)
hey , been workn #pres2028 campaign at beach . feeln momentum growing ! sev new voters !
i'd be quite proud . lol
following ! check out #snapshotboys at topsquadent.com ! link up with them !
coming to america is on . :) my favorite movie ! !
my view is this should be more a referendum on men and idea of black nuclear family rather than single black women
" my artnotstuff " facebook app is now available . ..join itsartnotstuff and access our rich-media application . . www.itsartnotstuff.com . .luv art
and if you have any problems , please let me know . as the owner , i am very concerned about complying with allergies and intolerances
having a great day ? it's a beautiful day in #nyc , jase . thank you for checking in on foursquare !
sitcoms , dramas and educational programs are all dead . start a reality show . networks will buy any crappy reality show idea .
happy birthday ! i hope you have a great day !
i would rather be ashes than dust ! i would rather that my spark should burn out in a brilliant blaze than it should be stifled by dry-rot
thank god we all spent so much energy being outraged by the backstrom suspension .
i'm getting a new avatar . scarf only .
looking for more cities to beta test youtown . completely free & we will watch 1 hour of kittens on youtube for every city that signs up .
heady becoming a mainstream word ? espn has it on the luck headline . . .
jerry , the main bro c :
being so tired that you cannot sleep is a cruel , cruel joke .
going to bed not feeling so good , will catch raw in the morning and upload new pics , sweet dreams y'all xx
i feel so bad for derrick rose . . . i wish him the best . but at the same time . . . i'm so glad
hey maggie you kinda look like rachel maddow
so nice to meet you last night . it will be great to work together ! have a super day !
rt : this company is doing a good job with social media //thank u . ..appreciate it !
that means 35 people's lives are being challenged , developing leadership skills , self reliance , and giving service to others ! !
any chance will get to see your aw daughter on screen soon ?
originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it . laurence j . peter
#notetolawrence stop procrastinating and do your project .
where did i say that it was ? least change != small change
i just finished a 3.01 mi run with nike+ gps .
yeyyy! ! lol , that's just what tampico does :d ;)
thanks jonathan
i hope it's not true
whoa , 8000 followers ? wow . ..you must get so much ass all the never .
a woman sitting near me at caribou coffee is giving pointers about how to be a shaman to her protege
still waiting . . . . .
i love just watching tv all day <3
respect my conglomerate
i know a blue eyed angel . you should beware of her . . she stole my heart right in front of my very eyes wordswords)
looking on magento plugins directory i'm thinking wow . .really , but there still a need in good ad-dons . more to come .
i am for the complete and immediate abolition of all nuclear weapons .
wow carter 4 is sick
great tranquility of heart is his who cares for neither praise nor blame . ~thomas wordswords kempis
congrats man . enjoy your time off and best of luck to you both
looking like a good night for karaoke at the safehouse and 3 lions pub :)
#tweet2862 got tired of having my first name in my twitname :p so bye #j0rdan124 & hello to an old nickname , ;)
lol . he's got more problems than the dark side
we're so glad it worked out ! happy birthday !
so great right ? !
bubb took me to taco bell( :
wonder what francesa leads with tomorrow . . .
i am in a self loathing mood right now . grrrrrr .
i almost got arrested
the difference between a fan or a follower is commitment .
thanks . i hear it was bobs bday . happy happy ox
yankees redsox tonight . okay
not even for micky dolenz ? disappointment , my friend . disappointment .
wordswordswords : who wants a shout out ? :dwordswordswords me please!!<3
: oh , you say " cray ? " please , tell me about your past in the hood .
i have that car ha
#youknowitsrealwhen that leg get ta shaking & the bed vibrating . . . .
do you guys think austin will do the austream tomorrow ? ! . . .
i want us forever<33
thanx ! we promised raleigh a professional taxi service . look forward to meeting you . enjoy your day !
getting ready to drive into boston . dinner at legends club (and wine) followed by game 6 . i am a celtic .
cutting investments to kids to " help them w/ debt " is like cutting your nose to spite your face .
who on earth is sarah phillips ? ! !
with great friends ! eager to learn & grow !
oh god she likes you too . -______-
i'm bored . . . . (._ . ) today is cinco de mayo though :d
the 4 of us left in theater just laughed . it was a great moment .
this is too true . . . although i'm sure you support it ;)
at the food store a woman came in saying she forgot to pay for litter . it was so nice to see that there are still honest pple in this world !
i hate being sick like every other damn week . it's getting old . -.-
no , more with the fanatical harpooning and less with the racism . i need that shirt !
thanks much , perry !
are you running your own google adwords program ? you shouldn't , but , if you are make sure you add call extensions and set up cpp bids .
! ! rt : this new video we're about to come out with is looking smooth . is doing his numbers chopping it up .
listening to #maxwell . ..stop the world
thank for the follow
waka flocka flame links up with trey songz and puts out the visual to " i don't really care, " his newest single off tripl
windows programming positions in ca . kernel a plus , multithreaded , file systems and graphical ui . email resume for confidentiality to johnpwordswordswords
oh . now i want tea . and curry . not necessarily together .
exhausted broke and full
wordswordswords : giving your best friend that look when you see someone attractive.wordswordswords
emails have been sent ! who's excited ? :d
atta girl love :)
was just informed that 40k visitors came by the museum yesterday . hiding out today .
we are here at stoddard baptist home , one our amazing members , working with the elderly for a painting event !
god damn mongorians !
yo if sessions is gonna be this useless then they may need the play ebanks more .
between the clothing removal and x-ray scanners , i'm starting to think some of the airport security workers are closet perverts .
oh my god ! it's so amazingwordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords we're definitely watching it this summer !
rt : indie band of the day : sacramento's soulmotor . two-fisted , riff-rocking metal for fans of monster magnet and zombie .
hipmunk.com , (started by reddit cofounder) rt : what are the best flight search engines for last minute international travel ?
counting down to stickyballs and karaoke
well , it is an educated guess . but it's still a guess .
let me hold you for a moment , it feels right , don't it ?
they're still gonna be ok but nothing to be happy about so far
tip of the day : if you want pizza but all you can find is pizza rolls then alls you got to do is unroll them .
heart attack city .
thank you . can't wait to hear !
mt fed appeals crt blocks more of #al insane #immigration law . sprme crt needs to shut these laws down completely .
we'll talk at tonight . we'll sort it all out . no problem :)
when you say something that is bad , #youneedtoshutup !
tony & guy audition went great yesterday . . now we wait . .
breakfast with my family!! ! holding on to them , and loving them dearly as we reflect on whitney houston's life . i enjoy my family more .
how dare you say vin likes you .
moneybags mcgee
you can't take yorkshire outta tha lass ;)
real good first cousin . how's everything ?
#bucks extend deadline for early season-ticket sign-up for next year . now it's 4/30 . it was 4/16 .
i haven't worked out in over a week . . .
holiday greetings (no castle yet) :)
hiring #java developers in sunny south florida . who do you know ? will pay $500 cash referral fees !
about to see the avengers with my daddy !
this -> rt : great #linkedin session with ! learning some great practices to put into place in my profile .
glad to know surgery went well !
appreciate your blog flattery about our fire screens (remember the butterfly table and mirror , too!)
happy milwaukee day !
this dude in front of me thinks he's so ba cause he can squeal his tires . stop . you look like an idiot .
" i have a dream . . . " to give you buy one get free deluxe box lunches all day today !
not yet but i'm excited!!! ! i'll stick up on my blog when it comes ! !
no . heidi klum and seal cannot be getting a divorce :(
gym flow
i'm thinking beauty and the beast friday ! :) i'm such a kid sometimes !
you are such an amazing actress keep it up ! !
my twitter stream says . . . more people care about the #gophers #nit run than the critics were saying
#mybiggestproblem is holding on to the bad memories and letting them affect the good ones ! !
bring them in , cano !
#smwkred is happening in ny and sf having our social media week blowout tonight . case studies in social for brands + mixer
the bottom of my dogs foot smells like hot chocolate .
omg ! boom it went .
that one time when your watching the videos from a concert and you voice is louder than others
my tummy hurts
explains things rt he could not play any longer this season with out getting the condition corrected by surgery
so i'm officially not going to school tomorrow . .
i wish i could let the whole world know how much i love but i can't explain that in only 14o characters . wordswordswords
time to get to the money$$$
really enjoyed the show last night at harlot in sf - w/special guests blew that place away ! check them out for sure !
really enjoyed her first day . nice way to celebrate my 5 year wedding anniversary to
fantastic presentation , ! so informative , one of the best webinars i've seen in awhile . can't wait to grab the book !
geez 445am is going to come rarly
the last 3 times i went to the dc courthouse i spotted a male cardinal perched in the same tree out front . today he wasn't there .
my hands would turn bi-sexual for my girl , i'm not going to sit around and let anybody touch her . . .
you know who probably has the biggest grin on his face right about now ? derek fisher .
roger federer is trending right now and i couldnt be happier
sunday college glow party ladies free !
when production turns off the rain machine .
assessing and reassessing some things .
waiting for to get home . . . i miss her
an ot , dear lord , an ot .
wow ! today is going to be 58wordswordsf ---> great day to get out and experience beautiful #abq weather ! =d #bike 3snowshoe
i've noticed that too . . . . seems to be a popular word right now .
new items on the way for the chef's and seasonal tasting menus , as spring blooms in chicago . . .
#fitness #exercise excuse of the day : it's too far . what's your excuse ?
your beautiful <3
."this is our entrepreneur hour , our innovatemaryland hour , our investmaryland hour " <--indeed #startups make md great
we're happy to support a friend !
another caution , newgarden is in the wall in turn 10 . also ed carpenter is in the wall after being hit by beatriz . 12 laps to go .
the 30th birthday party week has now come to a conclusion- thank god:)
ye;) you're alone at school , hsuahauas ' the last people at school ! :p you're cool
mchs swimmer to row for merchant marines in fall - craig daily press
who caught ' s " letting go ? " review in latest ? fabulous review of #wikipedia as shared authority .
five years ago today i signed up for twitter but didn't really touch it for a year . so here we are , 4 years & almost 19k tweets later . . .
:( well lemme know
#freshmanyeartaughtme flawless jay !
to prevent injury , it is important for your child to warm up before exercising . this should include about five minutes of light activity .
thanks for lunching w/ us after the arts fest , it was a great one !
not only is quiet weather prevailing . . so are the red sox!!! ! !
q2 : almost never
ohio state cheerleaders really need to stop saying " let's go ohio " !
i have fixed a macbook that has had that issue before . i would have to google it again since i don't remember
central ohio's most succesful women as featured by jacintha balch norren warnock and more 7:30 on
thanks for the #ff !
soprano (as a wee one) through to tenor . i stopped singing for a while , but have since been able to reconcile my conflicts
agreed ! rt wordswordswords : watching mad men . can we please agree that don's wife has jacked up teeth ? please people ? wordswordswords
yep . caribb . countries with online betting have antitrade judgements on us n this , and aus games broadcast current lines .
to love is to receive a glimpse of heaven .
i hate it when you're playing hide and seek and you have to pee immediatly after you hide .
so grateful and inspired by the atlanta+acumen team - great stuff happening !
to all you one direction fans . .how old are they . . ?
that's only true in very backwards it organizations . it embraced a service management attitude 10 years ago as an industry .
was up punk
thanks annie ! let me know if you try it !
left one light on in car while working out . now eaiting for roadside assistance for a jump . oh well . could be worse .
down at the georgetown waterfront labyrinth working on our #dance is the answer piece with local artist jenna buckingham !
get out here with that !
ok i'll see tonight
lovely day to all !
memo to media and their advertisers : if you say your show is fair and balanced i won't watch . i'm raising the standard . i want accuracy .
wondering if 1d will ever come to hawaii . ..crying myself to sleep . lol , jk . but i really am wondering .
crying cos of demi and james ' no bueno tweets . omg i love them . :3
you're welcome ! we hope to have you in to give our healthy alternatives a try when we open ! have an awesome , active weekend .
the nominee still can't be predicted until super tuesday but romney's win tonight does begin to wrap things up . i would think .
wordswordswordsthejk_kid : blue moon!"keithsdaman715 : thejk_kid everyone wants to know what's your favorite beer"wordswordswords i knew i liked u kid
report : leeds , england soccer fans upset at minnesota twins fans for stealing . . . - yahoo ! sports (blog)
#cahsee starting 2morrow feeling so nervous for it! ! :s :/
we're serving authentic irish food and playing 70s funk ! the best of both worlds . the funk brunch is going strong ! eat with a beat !
still a few final touches to sleepissues ,
playing thursday at manhattans . not in manhattan but toledo , ohio . 6-9pm . pete ford & jason quick . fun !
i sweet heart ! !
mtv's video music award's . oh yeah
austin beutner suggests retooling the percent for art program to be used for arts ed .
online surfers wanted !
its good to be back :) i missed you too much . we should celebrate it soon . . . if you know what i mean
andrew garfield news - andrew garfield , emma stone&#39;s boyfriend . . .
try putting balsamic vinegar & dishwashing detergent in a jar with stretch film on top . punch small holes in the plastic .
i'm so bored got to get ready and straighten ny hair:(
whew ! starting over is gonna take some time to get use to .
oh the looks i just got . ..smh
exactly ! lol . well , the thought was good while it lasted lol :)
having to pee every 2 seconds <<<<
it's been great meeting with you in the field , i'm sure we'll continue to see you from time to time !
i can't . . . i am moving to vegas! ! !
not sure if u saw but they are talking about doing a tweetup on friday night .
bring some people to the garage tonight ! tonight we are raising the ezra standard ! this is going to be good ! 7pm !
lol ! i do agree !
big win for psu basketball
pursue your biz venture . ..wordswordswordslike to hunt ? write ? make a video ? is looking for testers . part of it is a free mitt for you ! why you ! ? wordswordswords
idk my mom got an email about it from it from my agent and told me . i'll ask her when she gets home .
stoked for our show in nola tonight with ! planning on making some trouble around town afterwards
what said . rt just tell me when/where ! !
cheer up . you're the only one here with a job . rt been here since 6:30am . workers pulling up carpets now . the day has sucked !
come on that laker site you retweeted is trolling , that was a vicious elbow to the head that ended up being a concussion
thank you for reading . i appreciate it .
i already presented my website can i go back to sleep now .
we're happy to be here for you ! rt : i would like to thank the library for giving me a place to study for finals .
i just wore that one!haha but okay i just don't want to be the only one in a different color again
thank you kathryn for your kind words . always think big !
o no , is this kid moving to town ? rt : you sign the lease ?
interesting . ..i had the same interview . ..result ? nada . no phone call , no email . ..christopher ; 719.481.9476
not really ; looked at use of cc at libraries in va and peer libraries , not nec . in archives , and that convinced them
it's only 1 o'clock and i've already had 2 cups of tea !
good stories all make a promise . ..that it will be worth your while . andrew stanton
porter robinson tomorrow ! this weekends line up is soooper legit !
and the decision is to ibb cargo with 1st base open and tulo out of the game ; decisive ab falls to the immortal . ..chris nelson ?
i am too pumped for this weekend .
oh my god , got robbed! ! they asked him " who will be the final 2 " not who should be ! is the true winner - kept it 100 !
i hate photos . i feel like i'm wearing gospel church gowns .
#askalexconstancio will follow me ?
so let me know when you can work your magic google power and get g+ override for me . . . hehe
to not lose rather than to win
hmm is thom yorke on yours like ' s ? lol
he's 18 , i #believe that #someday he'll follow me back #neversaynever <3 13
wait , what happened to clay rapada ?
lol yea i'm watching some . i agree no #missmatch yesterday , but i got the proof & your admission i'm up 1-0 lol
let's hear some more updates ! wow what if it is like awesome today and like totally wierded out and stuff ! :d
she wants to die
#immadbecause its to hard to find a girl who would be loyal to you and not do you dirty .
will do ! lol
our companies 50th celebration is today ! phillips event center in austin tx , from 3-7pm ! be there
we're from san diego , so . . classy ;)
panda express>>>
love your bio , had to follow you back ! :)
la sarah drop it! ! #shutuplatisha ! !
hashtag is # wcma (with a " c . " i made same mistake , which is why i saw your tweets.)
congrats ! best investment is to your health !
thanks love
hm . . . .i'll sleep on it .
all new subscribers since december were entered into a contest to win a $500 gift card . the lucky winner is laurie a . congratulations ! !
got home from work , going to the gym , party .
thanks so much for sharing ! !
over a 66-game season , not as much randomness , but over two games , a lot .
todays gonna be a lonng ass day
#bavc kat cizek advises filmmakers to extend documentaries beyond just showing and telling with tactile elements
thank you :)
had fun hanging with and at the hot chelle rae concert tonight ! :)
what am i doing driving in nigeria ? with a stick shift no less !
ugh . i'm so tired .
the cleaning is not as huge as the exfoliating !
why are there 10 helicopters over hollywood ? ! ! !
probably a couple within the first 7 events
los alamos fire chief confident wipp-bound waste barrels will not burn ; they'll tackle any spot fires nearby " immediately "
at least in heaven i can skate
wordswordswordsnobody can go back and start a new beginning , but anyone can start today and make a new ending.wordswordswords
thanks for following laketravisins .
over a third or 33.9% of u.s . adults are obesed and by 2030 about 42% will be obesed , centers for disease control and prevention reported .
got your project tickets about 20 min ago over lunch :) will reply w next steps and dates . thank you doc !
taking a break for coffee and catch up with
i have a colleague who had a girl , then a year later had twins . three babies , all at once . can't imagine .
the end of " old man river " gives me chills every time .
i agree
i would like to say as a fan of andy that his soul rest with god and will forever be remembered in our hearts . ..he passed sept 11 , 2011 !
that's awesome lmao that be fun to watch hahaha
ohh hiee i didnt no this was you cuz ariana is so pretty in this pic that i thought i was gonna get trapped in her gaze :d
hey ! i just saw your videos on youtube and i think you have an amazing voice . . .
i am t minus 1 hour away from burnout *licks empty can of red bull*
i will never doubt you , i will never hate you , i will never lose hope!( : you do so much for us & i appreciate it ! iloveyou !<3
i love watching the show universe on history channel while working .
bye bye brian westbrook . . .
" we are proud of our reusable bags " " we love trees " " turn off electricity when leaving the room " -first graders
thank you for including me too .
observing a teacher delivering instruction and students working collaboratively on edmodo !
but for the powerful propeller the yacht would have been obliged to liemotionless as a log
today we picked up ' s option . so he'll be staying with us for a while longer . big win for us .
haha! ! didn't expect that response ! come on down . .it'll be on us . .but , somewhere else cause they now use frozen patties ! yuk !
all things honest i've never mattered to anyone . #imusedtoit but i also know im not liar .
getting ready for another opening night !
love the #moo trending topic ! !
looking forward to tomorrow - interviewing both #umphey'smcgee & #howler please pass on any questions you want to ask
what is your favorite food ?
the issue , in my opinion , is lack of sensitivity like the relative who shows up unannounced at dinner time with a big suitcase
' s tweets>>
follow me babe :)
love is a mother f#* ? * !
im not :( but im going to see black veil brides at waroed tour!!! ! lol :)
poised creation seeks to be the vehicle that helps independent artists become successful !
as a guy who calls up advertisers of programs he doesnt like to complain . i remember him doing that to shows i liked
awe im glad !
you aren't forgotten , sir :)
here we go! ! sotu fun begins . who will be the first sotubingo winners from wabash's rhe 370 / psc 371 class ? the boards are filled out !
is it safe to call him broadway tebow ?
happy birthday to ! she doesn't know it yet , but one day we're going to be best friends haha
#ezzo good moral distancing , maybe do at opening . more " my project iswordswordswords " an ethical project , as well as historical .
oh and yes dragons as well , i felt that they needed to be together : )
tanned for 3 hours today & see no difference
last night . . . you are not my friend right now
there is no such thing as a " fake friend " because if they're being fake , then they aren't a friend .
good afternoon alyssa !
leading when you are not the leader . get the keys in my latest article at www.mikehensley.org
as i look around at everything we have , i want to thank the one who makes it all possible : china .
when youu think your " enemy " is the one talking crap about youu when its actually your best friend . -.-
sounds similar to the syncopation that yielded ordnance .
just taught a great kickboxing class ! way to get sweaty people !
digitizing newsletters from the 1980s ! hard not to read them all- interesting stuff .
and that's how you win the game! ! great job 49ers and congrats on your first postseason win !
hope you tweeted before driving !
your lyrics are plain , like 8 ball jackets ~ phife dog
" i need to laugh , and when the sun is out , i've got something i can laugh about . "
dublin's manhattan ~ jameson irish whiskey , sweet vermouth , guinness float
that is just gross !
mike posner's cover of stay schemin is so good .
be mine , anyone .
bring our us troops home from all foreign wars/conflicts
tomorrow is thursday .
11am today we're back w/ winning #cupcakewars cupcakes & other favorites too ! watch us on again tonight at 8pm !
twitter party tele-firestarter jam . tmrw night . free . register :
can you please tweet me just once ? i love you so much , never say never . ..right ? :)
my texting bubby feel asleep on me . ..#hoe'd
awww . . need a virtual hug . . rt i'm pissed off .
best news ! you're comming to new york . are you planning any meet & greets or anything ? i live here :) i love my rolemodel . <3
im sick of everyone using gay to mean dumb or stupid , please replace it with a better word like cray
always . email me at
hearing rain .
ok so again , the wrench seems to be too big ? get a smaller wrench ? is this a plumbing emergency ?
and i'll miss you ! the good news is we're able to stay in touch ! :) thank you
the theory that eastwoods character " preacher " was a ghost in pale rider was also shown by his bullet wounds on his back .
lol it's morgana , but i go by morgan & yours ?
ever find your phone ?
well to get them u have to see if any celebrities are near you and find out where they are going to be :)
i think i would be counselor troi . she best approximates the tone i have to adopt during tense moments in the arts .
4 seats just opened up on our 6pm pub crawl thru fells tonite ! call or email us to book them up ! 443.956.6455
we love selena is trending worldwide awesome :)
ugh me too .
so . . . cj0k is off the block , huh ?
(booty-call) lol
opposite side of the street outside of the triangle fratenity , a proceed of every sale goes to charity today .
the definition of intellectual dishonesty ? calling flip-flopping " evolving " when your guy does it .
they call that kind of misdirection a " sususudio "
yours too :-)
talks about vegas casino losses . some $15 billion worth of casino development projects have failed , stalled or are struggling .
with a hat tip to joe ledbetter,i'd like to wish big blue nation the best of luck as they try to go 1 and 1 with the hoosiers this year . . .
thanks for the retweet !
we are gearing up for another week of letip ! know any great cpas , personal organizers , etc . who might benefit from our group ? send em to me !
i can't stand rude people
im sorry im bored and i was just playing with u lol
- hope 2 c u fri nite shoot to cure event at chargers park . dm/contact 4 details . thx byron !
it would be sobering if facebook wasn't playing with monopoly money
wishing jesus christ a happy birthday . thanks for everything so far .
haha yeah that would have made me stop listening to it too .
burnt sugar arkestra park nyc right now show starts
just give them a shirt advertising your twitter . free publicity . ;)
#wln - i have had to show attys the ' advanced : " your search terms " ' trick for the main wln search box countless times since rollout .
every like dark secret on face book
obama calls for support for the same kind of research that led to the internet . al gore clears his throat . . .
curtis ' wedding ! maybe sooner ?
not only is it #weekone , but america's game : 2011 packers premiers wednesday night at 9 pm et .
closing early today see you all next week
human body is the female egg and the
that's cuz u the female deer doe rt " : i love my boys doe! "
who just saw our big mac mcdonald's commercial featuring old school hip hop during the bears game ? go bears and happy holidays !
well perhaps u the one with the problem ! 2 degrees right ! hahahahaha ! context clues !
q7 . best connection you've made on twitter
can johnny miller kiss arnies ass anymore ? he acts like a nerd trying to be cool . . . idiot
this week will begin working on new commercial in studio , february 21-23 , the second of twenty for 2012 .
who lives in miami that's ready to party
how about my wife set two recordings on the dvr and the channel changed to " bethany ever after " right before the goal . . . . fail
doesn't make you a dork , makes you good at what you do !
paul from wonder years for prez !
for you to wear upon your fleecy down , my meadowlark , sing to me
i guess we won't be hearing people complain about #cousins&rg3 when rg3 checks in at wr and cousins at qb and we see defenses look lost .
find ya lil shawty i hate that damn word
#livetweets from church . theres nothing as spiteful as a catholic whose pew has been taken up by another family .
thanks celtx team . please fix it asap . keep up the good work . can't wait to use it . ..best
there is a cave that used to belong to a shaman . ..and in a few minutes , i'm going to hike to it :-)
blimey right you are sir . worked a treat . good , that's my subway ride home sorted wallowing as city get a podcast big up .
i was going to say . ..seems early for you too
ugh i hate this class can't wait till 6th period julio's eyes are so pretty
chinese buffet at 5 before the eberron game tonight ?
i like those ! where can we find them ?
happy new year ! the monster mania monster truck show will be at the lazy e arena on jan . 7&8 ! lazye.com for more info ! pls rt !
found 2 cases where i've ignored other software to adapt to #evernote instead--due to seamless synching . sorry #omnifocus &
im following her
certain songs remind me of him ! =)
and many more ;-) rt genuine , appreciative , loving , sexy , good-hearted are some attributes #cancer's have to offer .
it's chili time !
someone tell me a joke please ! i need a good laugh !
we have a #chromebookedu pilot running in our 7th & 10th grades . good device , google working on expanding device mftrs .
i have the bestest friends ever ! !
what did you get ?
we're researching ways to convert swimming pools to attractive and functional and natural , habitat ponds . . . cheaper than removing one !
good general advice : don't be too disappointed when the students aren't as excited as you abt the topic !
nathan ryan ninjas
#3screenmin nice considerations of the 10 ' viewing context with remote and what content/services work in that paradigm .
omg we all have to do it in some form or another to make this money .
for one thing , they used to stop both at liberty & 6th (eqt) and fifth & market . route hasn't changed since .
my crush gives me butterflies
breaking news ! the nfl realizes that indianapolis is too cold to host a super bowl . reconsiders location .
i have my nd sweatshirt on today . ..and we are marquette !
you need to settle down !
thank you regan , you are truly one of my biggest hero's ! i love you and the amazing work you do<3

where you at ?
ditto ! rt : okay , i think #blairunderwood's episode is my favorite of #wdytya so far .
. don't think it can be done by material type collection by collection (& institution by institution)
that awkward moment when you realize you have no clue what the person talking to you just said -- watched that happen to someone today haha
don't call me a homewrecker because your boyfriend likes me sweetie . :)
electors are typically nominated at their state party conventions or the party votes on who they should be . so they don't . . .
okay " big daddy stud " i see you with the twitter game on lock ! lolol
only able to count our friends on one hand . . . a+ life
piece by piece into the measure of your flesh .
definitely a beautiful day ! have a great meeting and thanks for having it here in citycentre .
#caps down 1-0 after 1 , all even at 8 on shots
when i talk to people,i'am amazed at the lack of kownledge,closemindedness,thanks god this is only about 40 % rt
get sourced . get quoted . get famous . www.helpareporter.com
living like i bullet proof and feelin famous !
kindness is the act or the state of being kind , being marked by good and charitable behavior , pleasant disposition , and concern for others .
awesome ! rt : 2 weeks from my goal ! gotta keep focused and work a little harder . so ready to do this !
it's getting late for the budget committee : cm englander just asked the planning department for a report back on a football team .
if i didnt have a meeting id skip it
yup , & it's your fault !
had to educate myself on bb creams just now . i swear i saw 50 commericals for different brands this weekend . will have to try it out . . . .
is discussing discrimination against #elvis impersonators .
thanks guys !
cpd still working to confirm if vehicle they found was vehicle involved in shooting
if you're a steelers fan . .delete yourself from life . .love , bob .
new country star is all jacked up for season 7 ------ are ya ready for it ?
macy's day parade ! happy thanksgiving everyone !
oh ! who do you think ? i think we're on the same page .
seriously , siting in this class for like 3 hours is a waste of my time !
is track-track-trackin ' for entercom communications .
now giuliani concerto and bach ciaccona for bethlehem bach fest : wild cadenzas for giuliani : use db major and bbminor in 2 cadenzas movt i
guess i need to spend some time on here . can only #follow 5 tweeps at a time due to lack of activity . i will #follow all back !
does love really last a lifetime ?
rt if u wanna something happen . . get 2 work! ! ur grind defines the outcome . . so b prepared to meet the challenge
everything is beyond great . my husband and i are so in love .
a girl either farted real loud or i don't know what that sound was . that's embarrassing .
there's this girl that i been going with in my mind for like 2 years and yea thats it for now
can somebody teach me how to make a gif for tumblr ?
your new starting cf aoki ! pretty please ! guaranteed better then current platoon
lol yes ma'am
i would love to win the ipad 2 :)))
there is a dude passed out and handcuffed in front of the copier i need . i wonder if i can step over him .
saito , who usually never gives up homers . ..go figure .
im drunk and high at the same time , drinking champagne on the airplane
happy birthday to riverwood's finest
alderwood mall this weekend with the besties :)
thank you for trying yes ! to cookies and we're thrilled that your kids liked them so much ! happy snacking !
woo woo ! lets go slc ! rt : it's almost time . . . go dragons ! !
good job barnes , this dude keep losing the ball
make sure you guys check out our new song " sky on fire " ft . and let us know what you think of it ! www.inspireandinfect.com
watch out for thaa snakes , a niqqa i was cool wit found out he was a fakee .
i'm hearing the thunder in #sandiego but not seeing the lightning . where is it ?
men who lack understanding oftem make fools of themselves .
thanks -- we are looking forward to reading your tweets too !
oh yeah - that was a pretty cool flick !
wonderful day of films in orlando area ! #anaffairoftheheart was awesome ! congrats to !
#itsallfunandgamestil i do wat u do
its all good
shout out to the lovely and talented recruiting mgr for fahrenheit technology . give him a follow
he's dead !
i love #saysomethin so much that it's my ringtone on my phone!!!! ! #mahomiething :)
going into q&a now at
the command was not to like but to love .
follow me on my new twitter
beet roesti ? did you make them ?
we are stoked that everyone had a great turkey day ! hopefully you're still full from dinner .
cute girls studying in the library are by default 10's . ..why ? because theyre in the library stupid
dude just can't get nun .
just finished my last rehearsal for final scenes , and i'm feeling real good about it ! now bedtime !
what are you doing this saturday ? come to the badass business women anniversary party . we work hard , but we play harder! . . .
(this is , by the way.)
if you wanna be cool like , then follow
justin blackmon is only 6'0 and he is going top 5 ?
#nightlockawarenessmonth save panem citizens from this deadly berry!! ! rt
thanks . added to wishlist . i learned a lot from the power of habit & the willpower instinct .
: it starts now if u can help people now dats how god blesses u to get to where u wanna be to do more . .m
no sweat , chuck , and right back at ya . rt thanks for the tweet d . you're world class . cheers !
feeling lucky this friday ? text facebookpj to 90210 for a chance to win a free pizza weekly ! normal messaging rates apply .
when i eat skittles , i go yellows , then oranges , greens , purples , reds .
which eoi is it ?
i fell asleep listening to some fresh dubstep music on tv . whoops . nevermind . that was just the battle scene in return of the jedi
close enough to walk to , far enough not to be able to walk to on a whim . ideal .
" even the worst mistake beats the hell out of never trying . "
rt : exactly . rt : the guy who lost a debate to romney and santorum thinks he can win against obama ?
the hilarious is reading today at barnes and noble in metairie at 3pm . her new book , love at first bark , includes nola adventures
it's unusual to discover a business partner who is selfless . if you are lucky it happens once in a life-time .
ntac family - don't forget to schedule your interview this week . last week for scheduling . thanks !
good job thunder . bye bye mavs!!!!! ! screw you cuban !
can we initiate the system restore function on arizona
what's wrong wit spike lee lol his outfits look like they out of andre3k closet
she said call her back but i dont know her house num . ..sm-h guess i gotta learn that by heart now
i sent that to because glenn has been talking about lemonade stands for a week or so .
i respect that so much . i'm a louisville fan & i won't be too popular around here in jax the next few days . gators run this town .
dear stop trying to be mean and play hard to get . . . .i see right through it ! !
i don't think i went there . looks tasty though .
good look . was looking for new one on this train ride
for the first time , a space shuttle landed in new york city . - new york times (blog)
new so far , awesome ! :]
tweet of the week . rt : delmon young smacked two rbis . happy to report that's short for runs batted in not rabbis
yay ! my workout was cut short when this tall , dark & handsome got in acting like it was the olympics !
saving my pennies to buy your " love affair " shirt . i love it so much !
thank you baby ! good luck to you , and congrats as well ! you deserve it , i was rooting for you wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
i feel like a lot of the things i say are listed in the twitter feed of
should have never passed him the ball
going shopping at centre court
expect haywood to make a decision on coaching in the nfl or college for this year very soon . . . .
mommys takin me to school( #starbucks wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
i know , right !
excited to worship with the rhea's mill sttudents this weekend for their winter retreat! ! !
oh the things i've had to " like " on facebook for brand community building . how bout it ?
damn cousin where u been at ?
burgers doge wings juan tabo and lomas
why isn't she following you yet
i wonder why when a teacher has a soda its always diet soda is that like a law or something that teachers can only have diet soda ?
today i am going to spam austin and try to get him to follow me( : today , is history( ; maybe . . .
very nice shot on a very classic schwinn bike !
i can't believe that headline was real ? ! ?
come to natachee's tonight ! performing with and it's a pickin ' party y'all !
contrasting textures , in dark neutrals and muted jewel tones , define rebecca taylor's effortlessly cool fall ' 12 collection .
good luck with school man ! sounds exciting !
i love lazy sundays . happy easter !
damn its still early af
grrrr . ..i can't log on to facebook on my iphone ! help !
hahaha you gotta love it . . .
pa shout out & pa follow back . . . tnx!!! ! !
anyone looking for a touring sound guy ? hit me up ! also im a recording engineer if you need good studio time =]
halloween town high hollllllaaaa ! <3 this is the time of year that i only watch disney channel .
i'll keep trying .
sup mama
im soo happy is following me!! ! !
trying to stop court/field stormings is a better way to get people hurt .
two of our guys rode ft . ben yesterday and loved it ! who else has been there - what do you think ?
#fact rt : if lakers still had odom an brown they'll be up 2 games . . . .
check my music out 18 year old artist from pa
a quick video i put together from my day today at bit.ly/rqdtsf
wordswordswordshappiness is a choice and the choice is always yourswordswordswords
woohoo! ! watching from all grown up playing for lauren alaina on ai has great taste in her musicians !
it is really pretty ! i especially like the beach .
what type of shell do you use for the rum cake ball that sounds delic ! !
at work with it needs to hurry i'm ready for a vaction . .lol
apparently , it's much more difficult than anticipated to make me presentable on camera . our team is working on it though !
let your friends know that we're bringing it old school .
back on ' words with friends' , feel free to add me if you're up for it : m.m.farooqui
grabbing a bite at ihop . i haven't eaten since yesterday . feeling very sore and nauseated
thanks for following everybody deserves music ! let us know if you are ever in l.a . : ) : )
the best way to predict the future is to create it -- peter f . drucker
its too hot . i need to find a pool
follow me , please ? ( :
the reason i dont ask anymore is because im tired of you lying to me not because i forgot !
please follow me( : 10
thanks so much ! i can't wait .
i did enjoy that one . . .
woah your hairs really curly! ! haha dave( : you guys are hilarious<3
i bet is hoarding it all at his secret sweatshop !
the sun is shining .
you probably like it for all the dirty norwegians .
too cool . are you in college station , texas ?
rt : where is curtis wade<--- idk i havent seen him
sleep . i need it .
way to go , team . great live reports from , , and
cant say i didnt offer lol i got a definite answer now tho . .time/rest ! good luck
classy world class performance by spurs .
civilian review board(3)insiders say it is not impartial , justice is not served for either citizen or police officers.10news i team
hey , i just met you & this is crazy but here's my number , so call me , maybe :d
those things happen when you play the worst team in football .
2 final performances left for an apology . tickets still available for both performances . help us fill the houses !
can someone please bring me a powerade slush . . . . wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
right next to my house down by the milwaukee river .
you were totally right , that was a terrible film . at least i can go and watch mad men to make up for it . . .
its amazing how one person can make such a difference in the world
heard you wanted to get down with the calendar . . . hit me w/ 31 beats -at- gmail -dot- com is the addy
i want to buy you something , but i don't have any money
follow lil twist , ( :
party party party ( ;
what you just felt back there is not really real
love you nicki ! ! !
since when does serving people mean that your name has to be all over everything ? !! ! !
#hope affects our lives with either its abundance or its abandonment . . . .
sure thing . thanks !
whatever a person does while single shouldn't define who they are in a relationship .
treat everyone with love , kindness , & respect . you never know who will repay the favor .
not teaching thursday
in the studio !
i graduated 2 years ago today .
i wanna get me some bj's .
top recs : artemis fowl , origami yoda , howl's moving castle .
happy monday all - hope you have a great start to your week ! espero que tengas una gran semana !
someone made a really simple gesture towards me today that i needed . i know we're friends , but he will never know how much it meant :)
huge ugg sale @ www.allsportsshopping.com come visit us ,, , sports apparel , nike , acg , jordans , casual clothing .
whats good ! obama 2012 , ya'll better get out there an vote like last time !
| silly . ..yes , we believe in fun ! after all , how many penguins do you know that wear a snappy green vest , tie and derby hat ?
tweet at #bostonontherun ! !
feels like we just had a little earthquake .
rtwordswordswords i don't get why they call it a " funny bone " when you hit it , its not funny at all.wordswordswords
thank you so much :)
ew ! my apologies .
thanks lynette ! i felt pretty bad about it too!! ! ;)
me too
the family that grazes together , stay together . that's right ! family night starts @ 5pm tonight , see you there !
i called you creepy
overnight success takes years .
i live in bartow its like in the middle of fl and its so pretty in miami ive been their ! ( :
chin up ! <3
just finished legend by it was amazing ! !
i love gobstoppers , they just so yummay
he still missed two crucial free throws , and deferred to wade and chalmers , how many excuses will he get ?
happy friday , ron !
men against boys right now .
so we're now at pick 49 , still no oklahoma , texas , ohio state , nebraska , florida state , miami , (current) florida or duke players picked . . .
i keep trying to skip steps in my own writing a great script fast step-by step process . i have to go back and do it in order . i'll email me .
does anyone know of a platform to schedule google plus posts in advance ?
fast : broken . by a wide margin . beyond full .
peppermint-flavored marshmallows ? yes .
i love your tweets !
heard a great affirmation in an audio by , at least 50 times a day , for 21 days , say out loud " i'm enough . " #powerful stuff yo !
if you are looking for a *really* bad movie . . . thankskilling .
when a guy goes to a hooker , he's not paying her for sex , he's paying her to leave .
hey mickey , great job .
i don't think i have ever screamed so loud at the tv in my entire life . seriously . :(
#lrt i love sports . . but thats not true though :/
pretty impressive memory
and what have you ever won ? find a real story .
somebody tell me what ' occupying ' accomplishes . not the idea (for reform , etc.) , but the actual act ; ' to take up space . '
get your dose of divine intervention today ! !
when you are going through a hard time and wonder where god is , remember , the teacher is always quiet during the test
#mlb : report : werth will miss 12 weeks after surgery .
happy jackie robinson day ! 65 years ago , the color barrier was broken in baseball . there is no room for bigotry in baseball !
goldstein : if ruling is overturned , it could open up new cases challenging congress and the federal government's power .
rt follow central florida's entertainment promotion company .
next big nashville reminder : non-coms are playing friday night (10/1) at mercy lounge at 9:30 sharp . come early ! $10 w/out nbn wristband .
i thought it was left an unsolved mistery -__-
the fact that won't tell me what's wrong!! ! <<<<< i'm heart broken hahaha </3
hope you got it just like you like it . welcome back to texas !
some of it is very cool .
laying at home with my little kitten talking to you >>>
in this world nothing can be said to be certain , except death and taxes . - benjamin franklin
do you like men ?
people say my eyes ? --oh , oh , u mean play the song , mah bad . rt what makes you beautiful ? yes ? :))
not like that <3
we're all about the freshly made dough , for sure . but hey , even if you don't with a pizza we got some pretty sweet promos ! :-)
yep and now everyone is just sayin he has one without proof ! ? ! ? wat type of fan dosent want proof ! ? ! ? !
nick used to do those ads on 610 : " it's like freakin ' vegas without the hookers! " not mentioning escape next door .
" you know how horribly flawed i am . " bree to tripp . " i don't want to love an ideal , i want to love a real person."t to b
i think should switch marketing strategies for #cis2011 to feature a 3 round fight of wit with and
wordswordswords : i did it ! done with facebookwordswordswords
sunday's would be way better if monday didn't follow .
will be delivered as a service via #cloud . first use case healthcare at my insurance co . hum . hope it works !
happy bday to my fav smoke a pound . . .
excellent ! i hope to see you at the con !
i was just thinking the same thing !
in the mood for a bacon and chive waffle or something a little more " boring " ? come check out #brunch today from 11:30-2 !
living the dream , i see
#robertsgirl . . . . . .all the way . . . .the biggest
we're opening at 10am today ! have an awesome time at the south side irish st . patrick's day parade !
thank you so very much ! :)
if steroids are illegal for athletes , shouldn't airbrushing and photoshop be illegal for models ?
dundee oktoberfest pairs perfectly with what song ?
welcome . trust me off the record i've been trying so hard for many but just bad timing it seems .
over dramatic gay guys no need to try hard its annoyin
ramon sessions and steve blake hitting big shots for the lake show ? ! ?
best place to buy discs for disc golf in fort wayne ?
there is classic coke out there- top shelf in a silver can
paul pierce tebowed after his huge game . get off .
anticipation is building while we wait for the winner of power pitch . all 12 entrepreneurs truly brought it today . great job !
" peeta is that you . "
morning cuddles with chris && mo
let's go penguins !
chopped . best show everr
twitter app won't load anything . guess this is a sign i should go to bed . goodnight everyone! ! -b<3
celebrities shining light on important issues ! rt will be on the tomorrow re : #engagingmen to prevent
found out yesterday that estrogen causes cancer but one can never have enough testosterone . explains a lot . making the trip ?
wishing upon a star for my #megamillions ticket to hit ! when i win , i will buy the a world series !
up 66.13% today and climbing !
great one
technology can provide a clearer picture of emergency - post-bulletin
community calendar
this morning woke me by sitting on my shoulder , and " tapping me out "
is working on about 60 new webinars for the next year . wow !
kuali is amazing .
parents not allowing your teen to tan for prom ? we want to talk to you .
everyone follow the best guy on cnn
can't stop thinking about how great tonight was .
switch to u.s . cellular and you'll get top-notch customer service . ever have an issue or question , just call , come into a store or tweets us
< yes indeed gota give thanks to the bigg man upstairs ! btw that's really awesome . . where are you from ?
all white maybach !
how do u handle so many rude comments all day ? props to u girlie .
i have heartburn . i'm gonna die .
on a first name basis at #badsushi ! that's how much we go here in santa monica . :-)
#ohsfoodtruck i've formed a food truck coalition so i can try it all . just split a comfest goddess from !
moip is pretty fantastic .
following you via looking forward to your tweets !
why can't other states do this ? ! rt : gov . shumlin is committed to connecting every last mile of #vt by 2013 .
running with v today ! let's give a big hand to her who decided last minute to join me on outer reef (i'll make sure gets back in)
follow for me ==> please go ! i am very please follow is my new account please everyone :)
~ so what do the polian departures mean for indy ?
how have you and your writing been ?
equity futures are moving higher friday ahead of key trade balance and consumer sentiment data . and interest rates are moving higher too .
where u play at ?
we are glad . let us kno if we canimprove on anything
did someone just do a terrible remix of you ?
don't you know that you yourselves are god's temple and that god's spirit dwells in your midst ? 1 corinthians 3:16
lolol sounds like serial killer
as far as i can tell she doesn't seem to like any pasta . there must have been a mixup at the hospital .
great idea !
hey - where is 97 mins on pinterest from ? google reports them @ about 16.4 minutes .
happy 420 to those who dont live it everyday
wow i hope they treated u bet'r than they treated me ?
intro to eugene huang to see if he can attend the awesome video citability demo we will be doing in dc ar 11 4-6pm purty please ?
no doubt , we will . we've got some awesome atl-area bbq friends : , ,
happy birthday rickey henderson , you are a base stealing black jesus .
just got the benefits , investments & ira talk from my parents . sheesh , nothing like planning for the future !
: ooh ! this looks like it will be right up my alley . thanks for the rec ! :)
god can give you whatever you need to make a difference for your new year .
yes got a video of me holding ' s hand during the concert ! hahaha ! thanks ashley !
in new jersey chilled to circa survive the whole ride<3
how you doing today , whats new ?
you are all not seniors juniors or sophomores until i finish my finals give me till monday at 9:20 then you can bask in the glory
so if its a understatement dah mean sayin it fat ain enough
thanks cara ! we're so grateful for your support . keep up the good work in nyc .
nice work !
wordswordswords : keep the faith . the most amazing things in life tend to happen right at the moment you're about to give up hope.wordswordswords
your a great poet as well bon ! did you get the email i sent ? let me know what you think ok :d
thanks for the warm welcome , friends ! :)
cmon yo , time to turn it around !
yeah . no disagreement there .
hmm . . heard a commercial on pandora for the first time today . either i've never noticed or they are new .
thanks to the loan from the bank of alan i'll be making it to two keys tonight .
i'm in seattle and i go to atl in the morning . but i think i just found out i gotta go to shreveport , la tomorrow too then back to atl . smh
tip 1 : attractive - you can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you dress .
we have some free coffee samples happening right now in ! come try some while supplies last !
i am honestly a lil scared to bring a child into this world.how can i instill my values when we living in a world like this ?
if thomas did a solo video i would die wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
#someoneiwanttomeet i hope my wish come true . . .
don't tell anybody , but when i learned they built a in mayfield heights i squealed alot . ..and almost drove off the road .
turning on mail subscriptions is 1 thing . turning them off very hard , & no more forwarding of 3rd-class mail when moving . discouraging .
i usually hear that zendaya and i look alike :)
rt " that font is ugly and it should be helvetica! " -
amazing ! but no wine bar involved ? keen for a dirty martini jess style soon :))
i've met loren in real life
i got a pair . .come get'em
correction on that last tweet : should have been off . reb . % allowed by defense .
#wheniwaslittle i dreamt of becoming an #artist and when the world told me i couldnt i went off to prove them wrong now here i am
richie farmer's not doing anything
excited to be making a speech tonight for ' s #internationalstudent #graduation #reception !
thanks so much , andria !
congrats in advance !
happy to consult . i've a longitudinal bet that i can't hit the belly of at 20 ft w/ 50% accuracy . need charlie's help .
dude there are elite prospects available that fit browns needs . insane to take a flyer on a mistake prone qb that high .
nfl draft today ! #letsgetit happy thursday to everyone .
thanks for the follow ! look forward to your tweets !
oh well what was the link to the story ?
should i be sleeping at 5 in the morning ? meeeh . sleeping is overrated
qotd : " don't let your victories go to your head , or your failures go to your heart . " (maori proverb)
aw , poor leo .
jenny slate wins varsity show award
you guys , i'm just so happy .
sadly yes
*said in comic book guys voice*
sowordswordswordsi don't know , but neither does anyone else , either . until they dowordswordswordsit's not a viable option .
just finishing last night's idol . whaddaya know . ..phil can actually sing ! perfect final choice by jimmy , beautifully restrained performance .
john cena h or hbk dx but u no wat i mean
thinking about going on a run tomorrow morning
[we live . we learn . we grow] stay committed to your decisions , but stay flexible in your approach . -tony robbins
11:11 pm on 11/11/11 . ;) make a wish you guys and be positive about it . :)
spinach wrap and spy latte . . . . . . m ;^)
does anyone remember that scene with naomi watts in 21 grams with the amazing tango background music ? so sad , so powerful .
and the app store , and the incognito mode , and chrome's simplicity , and . . . . .
vendor dressed as magic school bus's ms frizzle has the best costume !
big s/o to in the #worldfamous #platinumsuite ! ! clean mixing engineer ! !
main bedtime to send everything to ebony and sleep peacefully .
just wrapped up a photo shoot with
i'm literally crying . you & will make the best music omg omg omg
if you're in thee madison area , stop in on doty st for a hopsconsin imperial red brewed w/
yeah , what the ff on that page count ? (the extra f is for flying)
stop in today to see our lovely new displays .
he better win it all !
hahaha i can't wait for the new dance moms! ! !
wordswordswords : if possible wrap - but if it's a chevy - big bow it! ! #gifts #chevygirls #chevyfunwordswordswords agreed !
yep , that's it !
it's gorgeous outside ! make it this great *inside* your home with my efficiency upgrades ! www.smartenergypays.com
i'm smoking on the best . ..#ifeelitinmychest ! !
my guess is it's some hipster abomination created in a misbegotten fit of meta faux-irony .
that moment when dubstep comes on and you think something is wrong with your speaker !
story idea : compare/contrast industrial era vs globazation era parents , students , community . stop scapegoating teachers .
mostly for librarians re:going to professional association conferences and other overwhelming things . i'll see what i can rustle up !
i did not love him , nor did i hate him . we had mutual respect for each other , even as we both planned each other's murder . werner herzog
we all need to trend #happybirthdaybiancac all day tomorrow ! rt to spread the word !
wait what -- does this mean we have to go back to are jobs!!!! ! dont make us go back to work pleeeeeeeeez!! ! !
ladies - time for lunch tomorrow ? need to chat with ya .
anything left in the tank after the big derby cinco saturday ? stop by the oyster for a crush !
follow back !
haha shut up! ! !
' a . hitler ' shows at #redjackssaloon at 8pm ! don't miss it !
i guess child yhu got angel number cause i wanted to go to her house dis weekend but ne ways all three of us need to link up
whose your fav on
tune into wbal/nbc right now for a segment on the spa their vitality pool is the next best thing to hot coffee !
feeling like a rebel( ;
i get a kick out the #lays chipbag proclaiming new bigger size while no mention new higher price
nice meeting u last night ! fun show ;)
i cannot stop listening to concrete angel by addicting !
wordswords the mind is meant to change . . . to expand , to open . ..don't cheat ur self by closing it off . keep listening , keep learning .wordswords
any tornadoes ?
#yougettinpunchedif you even look at my bby .
piazza italia in the pearl is an amazing place . fantastic food and service . reservations recommended for sure .
it's fan friday . . . tell us the year , make and model of your first car . better yet if you have a picture of it post it .
fhs powercat robotics : selected by the second-seed parish episcopoal hs for finals alliance @ ben barber-uta ftc qualifier
happy friday everyone ! what are your plans for the weekend ?
we specialize in artist development , marketing , and promotion .
let's play the blame game .
if you're in downtown for the museum of cont art's tnt event - make sure to stop in and try our famous dulce de leche cake afterwards !
thank you for the rt ! hope your having a great thursday !
don't want the weekend to be over . . there is a busy week in front of me! ! i guess that's not a bad thing : )
rt : motion to go to 2nd reading adopted without objection .
thanks for the love aiden ! glad that i'll to be able to spread the message far and free .
just chris and parents
dunkin donuts in englewood has happy hour specials for iced coffees . . best news i've heard in 2 months .
also , follow these people , they're rad !
download twitter app and tweet is during the second half !
lmao , yo can you believe theres like 4 weeks left of school wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
imo the writing for this season of mad men is so fun . much edgier than normal , and i love what they are doing with character dev .
how are you ?
happy #troytuesday ( : #missandloveyou bunches ! hope u remember me :p <3
off to lacrosse to watch some state dance !
thank you so much for blessing us and by joining us at the after show party ! you guys are amazing !
ready to cause some damage tonight !
us manufacturing powers up in april
what happens if u fell asleep with contacts on ?
as do you !
i dont know how to put mascarra on my bottom lashes . . -__- .
- good point , luis ! what are you working on today ?
oh boy , i have to get back to the ancient artwork animations . this particle collision physics wears me down . it's too theoretical . . .
so bored
then i would recommend what's your number ? with anna faris . he's shirtless quite a bit in it
we had a directors meeting and made some great decisions regarding parties ! that's important , too ! ;)
japanese sword training---done . up next : equestrian training !
is every song the boyz danced to gonna be played
story pitches !
i'm pretty sure that in memoir #2 she recants everything from memoir
v , you are & were always beautiful . inspiring & humble- goes nice w/ your hustle , passion for music & new body . xoxo
wish you could come to the states .
agrred , but little person is the preferred vernacular .
can't find him now . i blame everyone .
nfl draft
hi alex , looking to network with business minded individuals and ran across your profile . how are things in canada ?
would enjoy working in that environment after worrying about layoffs for the last 15 yrs .
hi boo . . . .miss you a loto
lol i was like somebody is missing in this game lol " : im sayin right ! disappeared into thin air "
what is my life ? -_-
#oomf don't know how to cook popcorn -___-
i'm not sure . he got it back from school but idk if his parents let him have it
" i'm a man not a kid" . . . .hahahaha . that's the funniest thing i've ever heard
oh my goshh , call of duty is so addicting ! ugh ,
there's slot of anger in me
what are you reading for #fridayreads on this lovely february day ?
neither is dad .
love this quote : " there is no point at which you can say , " well , i'm successful now . i might as well take a nap . " carrie fisher
i steal ' s rt's and tweets and sometimes put them on facebook . ..xd
1more year too shine cuzzin , holla at me when u make it big my guy wordswordswordslmao , ima knock fam
welcome to twitter , ! we'll have a nice time , i promise .
soon my friend soon
the #arthritiswalk is tomorrow . ready ? we are ! not too l8 2 join . sign up at www.sdarthritiswalk.org or on site 2moro .
. is twitter-posting archive items about mike wallace .
no prob , nice app . we're hoping to be a part of the show by !
scenes got cut but i hung in there ! rt : bout to go see #thismeanswar gonna look for my buddy "
it is a problem ; much easier to shoot than read . you're right , time on the road = pricey , & i'd rather grab items than not .
roasting marshmallows with my love :)) yummy s'mores! ! :))
i'm soaking wet .
good to know !
welcome . exciting to see the progression from last year's promotion . looking forward to more .
you are really my best friend <3
so much homework i have to do , but i don't feel like doing any of it . .
hey #libchat , i'm christina , high school noobrarian up in the mitten (aka michigan) .
check out our new credit card machines debuting tomorrow at olympic pkwy !
i hate the mbta
do you come to #vegas to party or gamble ?
seeing low last night was awesome , such a cool performance
well , it was nice to have hope for one week , buffalo bills .
i used to tell him frisco cats weren't the only ones who could make a dope weed song .
wow . thunder *and* lightning . color me oh so . ..kinda bored .
everything that man says was just churning in a blender in my head a msec ago . love
hegs yeah . you still with sprint . ?
oh my god yes lamichael as a
lack of karaoke is the leading cause of boredom in america . don't be a statistic . > tonite - ilounge , 1287 d glenwood ave , 7p-10p .
the harder the conflict , the more glorious the triumph . thomas paine
presumably , darren sharper on anthony hargrove : " how do we know he was not coerced ? you have no proof he wasn't waterboarded into this! "
no your not !
no i haven't :/ selina said she is gonna help me in what to text him lol i might hang with him tomorrow if all goes well
seahawks receivers can't catch a cold !
is cain going to tell women who were victims of sexual harassment that it's their fault too ?
take proper care of your skin
. my definitions of hacking vs scripting draw how santo and mullenweg are using the words . scripting in wp is often creation
will there going crazy killing everyone
i was not prepared for bonus hockey so soon . i think i'm gonna change tvs . really was hoping to be watching buccos by now up 1-0 in series
hey ya whore :)
in the true spirit of the dalai lama , i am cramming my entire reading of his book art of happiness into the last two days before book club .
sounds awesome ! have a great time !
being too cheap to pay for the service or too impatient to wait for the dvds does not justify theft .
rip etta james
in this thing to revolutionize online #dating with and
usda confirms mad cow case in central california
i hate homework .
front desk thurs nite : reason i'm reading the kids books , so i can give honest review when sum1 asks re : good #alaska children bk . honest !
beep like a pager :p
happy earth day . . . green is the new black . make sure to do you part by recycling :)
hi , an important e-mail i sent bounced back . please let me know how to get a message to you . .
glad you could join us !
lol funny when your ex want's you back . they actually realized what they had .
for those not in sd , it looks like we've lined up an online retailer for 619 ! stay tuned for more news later in the week !
lies- it is never cold in socal :)
where's greg nothing personal started watching him on red eye , he's hilarious ! he along with bob make the five ! dana's great
i grew up on lake michigan . all the trouble i got into was within a block or so of the lake .
don't use warnings as a design solution
dear please come back to chicago ! my dad didnt take me to the concert even though i already bought my tickets ! </33
; hello my friend .
resist the temptation to want to have the last word all the time !
you have no idea haha
wuz up split ?
found out i have 3 difft . user names on turbo tax . sigh . there should be alert mechanism if creating more than 1 per email .
dont want to be here right now .
just got my cupcake to eat as i watch #cbs two broke girls , tonight on cbs .
so excited / nervous about my birthday party tonight !
two commercial callbacks tomorrow ! nice way to get the week rolling .
so romina kicked it with my boo & i today & the first thing she said was " daamn micaela , i see those marks on his neck! " lmao . yup , allday;*
if you list twilight as your favorite book on facebook , we can't be friends . #gag wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
life is beaitiful
it's strange how the things we regret are the also the things we deserved .
rt : i find that i sent wolves not shepherds to govern ireland , for they have left me nothing but ashes and carcasses to . . .
shooting the new simple question video in downtown waterbury
in the house
i really really love hockey
wht kinda parent sends there kid to play in a water logged park in a tux ?
aww praying for you dear !
thanks nicole ! it's going to be a great year for both of us!:)
yesterday on a sales call i was called " baby girl " i also had to stealth maneuver away from a hug .
shout out to #iampnasty and #daonlymarz . i'm proud of yall :)
im going to try my best
there to*
dangerous shot by elijah but he hits it . #kubball up by 4 .
pretty busy . being a butthead is time consuming
nothing much i tryna be like u . . . .you emporah taking all thr mo ey leaving me eith bunny earsrt : marc was good
great batterys about to die and i dont have a car charger . glad i have my charger so i can charge it when i get to the hospital .
yes! ! special for valentines day . i hit the day after sales and grabbed em up .
trying to go to bed but the house is full of snoring . . .
#np 4am-melanie fiona & this song is my last relationship to the tee . :/
hey wisconsinites ! check out some other awesome clothing companies hailing from wisconsin :
call from my day made my day
thanks as always for listening :) we'll try to rave atlanta up while we're there , i'll keep you posted !
vander blue sounds like a paint color .
its funny , everyone gets why you wrote the peanut article . people without talent have to find other ways to get publicity
i completely agree ! there is nothing worse than emotional abuse and people who do that are very messed up and cruel .
you all are real persons of interest , i hear the police may investigate your cult about the comments you made about this sicko !
- words infused with depth and beauty .
i'm about to see scre4m . have any of my followers seen it ? how was it ! ? thanx !
argh . i hate how daylight savings time screws up my dreamweaver synchronization data .
sleep either you with me or against me
got never end on repeat
might tumble stalk ya
always interesting (if you like seo) : top 10 tips to transition old -fashioned content into real time web writing
let every man be respected as an individual and no man idolized . wordswordswords albert einstein
so tragic , stunned just stunned .
i no longer care about how much sleep i get these next two weeks . my friends are leaving me so i'm making it count
thank you , dondre . your poem/speech to the instructors was very touching . it made a lot of us tear up.i'm going to miss you .
can rio clean up guns , violence before world cup 2014 ?
lol okay ed
up thinking of ways i can improve myself personally & professionally .
doing great . hope all goes well at the doctor . let's talk later , ok ? did you get my email ?
now , watching poetic justice( :
good to meet you as well ; definitely keep in touch !
witnessing the great gravy shortage at hudson's on p'tree .
: must admit . i don't understand twitter at all , but this is arcadia . cheers !
in order to see change , you must live that change you want to see .
have you thrown out pitch down here in baltimore ? hope rain holds off for ya
going to the park with my mom and sister :)
what r u watching ? ghost adventures ? (zak's always good 4 a laugh , isn't he ? ) what promo were u in ?
i'm bumming money . ..like a church .
#ff he's awesome and my bracelet buddy ! :)
is anyone else going to the wiz concert tomorrow in sf ?
rt : there's really no good way to take a picture or yourself #faithhilling unless you have a timer on your camera
thx for the dm ! but i can't dm you info unless you follow me , apparently . . .
sounds like our kind of tv show ;)
i talk to my teacher like i'm talking to my friend .
just spent 30 mins putting my class schedule into my phone's calendar.sad thing is that was the most productive thing i did all day .
ahh love you too gurliee ! rt i love !! ! <333 and im so glad to have her in my life ! !
maybe you will! ! help us out and retweet to help us gain followers ! !
i need to remember , sveum rhymes with game .
lol nice . . . wat did you dream ?
oh ok here anything else
you are gonna have a blast , dance your ass off ahah , i was gonna go today but no lol
and rt : stuff's going down in 889
best spring break wordswordswords
# oprahlivetweet i love the land and the accent
jealous :p
sounds good patti , the weather is looking good as well ; was a little worried earlier in the week !
what a streak boys . what a streak . stupid rsl .
feels great teaching the stoke !
good , how are u ?
chicago vacation so soon with
funniest part was that the teacher didnt find out till after the class was over lol i swear almost died of laughter! ! member ! ?
great show on the yatch . crowd loved it
where are my ladies ? get to
this summer better be as cool as the last
love it ;)
cant wait to see my bro tonight !! ! chad b i miss you
please dm me the details and i will email you some portfolio pictures.thank you !
so my audition didn't turn out how i wanted it to but it's cool :) on to the next one=
the loss in employment in sales , service and manufacturing out way the remaining balance .
road quote of the day : " the journey not the arrival matters.wordswordswords - t.s . eliot
puppy ignoring me !=\
currently listenin to my $4 album . . . i got a dollar off because of brandon <3 -abbie
send us your wind & final day of classes alerts !
accept the challenge . you won't be disappointed .
he said negotiations still going on ; everything still on the tablr
about to hit up south beach
~ champ'sol sports is seeking interns in chicago , nyc & la know of any candidates ? please send resumes to
congrats girl!! ! will you be joining me in nyc ? !
yeshh but we look nth alike
why we can't have nice things . rt in order to quash the anti-transit funding groundswell , we have to quash the anti-tax mentality .
rather be healthy than ill . swag
amen , truth tella
i wanna meet somebody famous.half my family met jay z cause we live by where he grew up as a kid but . . . .thats still isnt a excuse ! lol !
tonight is already looking bad
everything there is to know about the rim country . . . . as soon as we know it . starting around 9:00 am daily , except sundays .
lol am i the only one who has met the boyz in pajamas ? hahahaha
bill fletcher giving us laborious history lessons .
remember boom boxes ? good times .
hey hey buddy sisi~ good morning~ love you my dear buddy~ have a great day and take care <3
the massachusetts office of consumer affairs and business regulation : strict state laws on data security . . .
hate the bam , love the man and his food . saving that one , thanks .
" failure only exists in the present tense . why are you giving it oxygen ? " via // that just blew my mind! ! !
i wonder if i died . . will anybody miss me ? will they actually come to my funeral ?
: want to learn how to extend your security policies to the cloud ? ask anyone wearing an t-shirt . #rsacwordswordswords
i think i want me a little boo thang . nothing less , nothing more .
the number one rule of love : you can never be just friends with someone that you're in love with .
taking 6 months of physics and cramming in in my brain . . . .
rt noaa : radioactive tsunami debris in ak highly unlikely
cosentino : for group interviews , work with the team , don't try to dominate the others . team players get the job .
acupuncture done . now headed from chicago to milwaukee to play a private party dinner theater show .
oh no wow baby mamas these days well at least some of us .
seems like a motivated man from his tweets :)
you don't count . ..you have 700+ :)
i remember my first time replacing my kitchen cabinets
surprisingly light turnout for midnight showing of #johncarter . where are the fanboys ? could it be the $16.50 ticket price ?
aol news . duh .
the danish company lego , which began in 1932 , first manufactured ironing boards , and stepladders
lmao . chill out . ur dork in aluminum foil isnt going anywhere . . . . unlike me . . . .
#beerstatus surly furious
rt if you're down with
you know iam . . . i be having you laugh
i assume that means you're using a translator to tweet ? i'm alright just being my lazy self
cant be paul or kg tho smh
wisnik career enterprises ' 16th anniversary today ! thanks to all who have made the last 16 years sweet !
the sweet smeel of my cooch after waking up and a hard banging session . priceless .
#roadbuffs just passed pueblo .
enjoyed my first naptown roller girls event last night w/hubby ! thanks !
feeling young again . . . .counting m&m's in math class
and during diane sawyer's impassioned tribute to mr . schafly - she called him herbert though her prompter said hubert . #doh !
top new tech products : nikon d3200 , flagship blu-ray player
my mom really just pissed me off -.-
mahone is a beast
dont leave please . .
re : your tweet about $1000/mo rent-- i'm moving to la in a few months and you're scaring me ;-)
good luck
seeking #opensource developer . #lamp , #apache and web skills . contact
not to bad it's beautiful out here in mi
12/24 & 12/25 - $60/night . . . ..at caesars palace visit us @ www.myvegaspeople.com also follow us on facebook for more updated info
i didn't win the lotto and ohio state lost , what a crappy weekend
anything other than free shipping ? :)
whn i went last month , i remembered y i left . it still looks bad .
not the way i thought it would go , but gotta admit it was a fun year of badger football .
" : wordswordswords : did you make par ? wordswordswordscourse record 60 " not bad for 9 holes .
this is why people get followed back : i'm proud of you homie your doing good things! ! i always knew you could . keep it up ! !
i have learned that me + the dark + lots of set pieces = injuries . what can i say ? i'm clumsy xd
prospero : " . ..my library was dukedom large enough . of temporal realities,/ he thinks me now incapable . " ~ shakespeare's the tempest
he says it everytime i play the song ! lmaooo
today's feature : chicken queso w/ bacon , red onion , red peppers , cheddar , mozzarella & provel soup : roasted butternut squash
yup . and winners will be announced from those , too . business gets taken care of - so feel free to relax ;)
pitching a perfect game against the mariners is as impressive as scoring 14 on the red sox .
secret country is turning this place into a ho down for sure !
holding an iphone 4s , i dont understand why i've used a blackberry for the past 4 yrs . this really redefines " smartphone " for me .
all these lames wanna follow me on instagram and twitter this is not a charity . lmfao i will not accept or follow back .
waiting for " that guy " to post andy samberg and justin timberlake's motherlover .
working from the cell while waiting for my car . gotta love dragon dictation ! !
i can't wait to go home tonight and sleep in my cold queen sized bed wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
oh well i find it to be quite comical
it's so good ! i'd take a pic of my gyro plate but i was so hungry only the plate remains
rt #ryankennedy is a 9 yr old from michigan w/ brain cancer . his wish is 2 trend . lets make his wish come true !
hm , maybe i should change my twitter handle to that
pure love is a willingness to give without a thought of receiving anything in return.-- peace pilgrim
have a happy 4th of july weekend be sure to take a minute to search me , r . shamar " the minister of motivation " on itunes rhapsody or napster
my wife and i slept in too . we just laid in bed forever and it was great
maybe you were needed up there , but we're still unaware as why
#rejectedfuneralhomenames monday monday
watching last night's mad men and all i will say is this : hot damn sally draper !
i'm glad your back on ! def . following :)
just in case its david or dave in here right now
after vietnam , pro-war cons who didn't enlist were #chickenhawks . today's anti-deficit cons who won't specify cuts are
those of you who work at wineries , do you mind people taking pictures while tasting ?
okay well the offer stands for whenever ! once again we apologize , when your ready to come back . .would love to have u !
aw crap , i'm a day late ! and just i had my 2nd cock installed and everything ! dammit
another morning with
stuffing my face with indian food . so good .
basketball best players in order as of right now 2012 lebron durant kobe
i don't wanna go to pnc park anymore
i second that , but the benefits are worth it , ok . . . maybe . ..ok . . . sometimes . . . . nevermind
what's better than charles barkley in a dress ? heineken commercial with bollywood music .
yeah me either . i'll start it over the weekend .
retreat giveaway ! !
my girlfriend left me after i broke her wheelchair . she'll soon come crawling back .
ready to head off to germany to meet the parents again ! i love saying that ! !
that's what they say . holding ya to it ! see ya soon pal !
colorado gop declares rick santorum winner---
i'd do her
for the privileges of exponentially higher copays and deductibles , mke co will take another $3,000 from each worker .
cooking up dinner & dessert with my girls
if you dont dream big , theres no use of dreaming . if you dont have faith , theres nothing worth believing .
damn he said we gotta be there monday instead of tuesday wtf i needed a day of rest
fallow me on spiffbox.com get paid to socialize per friends request you make money no catch its cool!! ! just like myspace facebook & twitter
your welcome:d
ima be at work
you can always buy time with a well-placed thumb
the only fake friends i had when i was young were my imaginary friends . now i can't even keep track . . .
wordswordswordshappy birthday!wordswordswords hope it's a good one !
thanks for the follows
nobody knows you better than i do . i keep my promises , i'm fighting for you .
love you<3
s/o to all my followers
our family portraits totally rock ! book with us today , you will love your images .
i'm getting acquainted with siri . i like her a lot .
its early in morning . ..just dropped off the daughter for all day vball tournaments
" life moves pretty fast . if you dnt stop to look around once a while you could miss it . " -ferris bueller's day off( : <3
^as pharaoh approached , the israelites looked up , and there were the egyptians , marching after them . they were terrified and cried out to . . .
i robbed an indian casino dressed as a pilgrim . (it's cool , i'm one quarter sioux . so , lick the hairy sides of my cock.)
i left new york via delta & am now cooling my heels near the gulf of mexico in citrus county florida . soon i'll drive to pittsburgh , my home
dang . nate mcmillan fired after 7.5 years . i always thought he did a good job with his players .
follow this to keep up with us when we enter the studio on feb . 15 !
i'm not understanding why this dude is not answering his phone !
hampton celebrates 20 years as tree city
hey new mexico republican campaign headquarters . . .
#ff to stay up to date on diverse activities going on in #sandiego & interesting topics relating to #diversity !
your so helpful
yup , just did a turn at 45 mph and a donut in a honda fit
someone tweet me please
if u love just bieber please follow me i heart him so much please follow me and make me and justin smile cause he is the best now 4ever !
muriel brandolini the artist wants conceptual integrity . . . ..wooden eggs hanging on bedposts ? i'm mulling that around . . . .
enjoyed delivering a speech tonite at tpc sugarloaf . great hosts & great executives !
so many memories in that place
if that's a night game we should be able to make that happen . hey you guuyyysss ? #teamidiots 6/23
we want to thank for being the sponsor for smbsd27 this friday - you guys rock !
detroits their only enemy .
triple ot
marriott downtown all decked out to welcome #giants ! arriving shortly !
silly one but i love end scene in better off dead they are sitting & kissing on the car , camera pans out & paperboy is coming
can we trend #lucandgaga please ?
tyying to figure out why my compter is so slow tonight . . .
i love you:)
berrics need a video game !
3 day weekend!! ! cue : the power station - get it on (bang a gong)
" if you stay ready . . . you won't have to get ready!! " ;) ;) ;) i've always remembered those wise words . . thx ;)
sometimes the #answer is so simple you overlook the #obvious . seanletwat
i love you more and i can't wait mi amor!( :
he's got that bearcat in him .
when you sit there listening to a friend talk about how hot she thinks your cousin is knowing she don't know you're related to him , lol .
how about tony slush ?
you can for me and my daughter bishop hillard ! i'm believing god for a break through w/her .
megan get motivated !
found my library card lbs yayyyy !
did you take pics ?
so barack thinks he's gonna beat me at ' words with friends ' too ?
so much to do . procrastination sucks , but not as much as actually doing the things you were saving for later .
hope they loved the cupcakes ! thanks for thinking of us !
have an amazing day !
awesome ! we'll look for your order ! :)
did the study say anything about bacteria spread when meat is first put in plastic bags before going in the reusable bag ?
if i could , brother . . .
schell light on tap at bryant lake bowl
i hate having the last text in a covo .
egg&cheese sandwhich , arizona ice tea , #livenlifegrand ! ( :
two days til our next show of veronica's room . it's really an awesome show . special discount tix through our fb page for sun performance .
is lyrically the hottest rapper out
the mark of whether a society is just is how equitably it treats its most reviled members
ps -- it's hot down here . wear linen and cotton . be casually chic .
happy friday agam ! hope that last tweet doesn't overload your phone . . .
it must look so unattractive to catch an uptown train on fri night . but ima lewser who wants a lean pocket . werkwordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords it for me tonight , #nyc !
#bbl getting in the shower !
visit paratext in dallas this weekend at booth #1201 if you demo any paratext product , we'll enter you in a drawing for a free ipad !
join us for our rochester/troy phone bank at the obama for america oakland county office (4 n . saginaw , pontiac) 6-8 pm thu
thank you for trying to get to the truth . the laws must protect all of our children .
who is laughing at the guy with the solar panels now!! ! !
ugghh is making me wear a cardigan , dark blue jeans , & flip flops tomorrow -_____- #girlyfortheday ._ .
gonna watch some degrassi reruns with my little bro . ..this might be kinda awk :l
got memorabilia to be autographed by ddp , booker t , luger , dibiase , raven+more ? www.promolastevents.com/mail-order
loved hearing everyone this morning , but the dr . is by far the gem today .
just purchased my richards #flyers jersey via ebay .
i can do one for you ! mark
how does and get added to this exclusive roster ?
baby seat recall
gnome pioneers !
but you're all fine now though right ? gabe will protect you ? :)
rt : nothing surprises me anymore ! !
i miss u 2 big broski . . n thanks! ! love you long time lol . . .
id rather eat raaannnndaaayyyyy
vent1 : they raided a flea market in baltimore for knock off accessories ; but have never raided a chinese restaurant for fake meat !
this women rights stuff is really irritating . no one has the right to state whether women can or cannot use some kind of contraceptive
he did close it out with professional , clutch fashion though . . .
any good updates to the my little pony boyfriend question ? haven't checked it since that night
registering for the national council on public history conference . anyone else going ?
tell you local shrm astd ihrim/ etc . chapter , that hr resource portal and hr training portal has some free services available .
follow me
sunnyledge its a little hotel in shadyside on fifth . come in today i work at 4 !
around 7 inches
starting to get real feelings for her , but not talkin about relationships right now .
he woke up . had to be taken out with a cart .
hey hope all is well ?
wordswordswords : 1st reason why n . carolina should not ban gay marriage : it would be redundant . marriage is already really gay.wordswordswords and incest
dear snl , please stop the musical guest portion of your show or at least fire the person who books these acts . kthxbai
: yo . . buddy i wouldnt mind going along with you to go see the movie .
good night . ..take care & god bless and sleep well . dream big may tomorrow be a better day . and many blessings come ur way .
so glad - it will be over soon and then you will spend hours trying to find things lol
make those people pay extra for the service charge ! !
lol idk if i want to spend money on another stupid movie lol
i can't remember the name but it's authentic mexican right off of harvard square .
u dam rite
complain! . ..and stay close to the bathroom ha ! but really i just find time helps , usually about 3 days .
send your worldwide winthrop day pics to
problems with chords , melody , or lyrics ? -take a break -start another song -call a co-writer -reverse chorus chords
every day specials call 1-866-982-8322 every order supports a person with developmental disabilities in employment . thank you and mahalo
yep . when is load in ? get it ?
follow back and promo! ! !
headaches suck:(
it's the same until we get a feel for our customers . we'll start adjusting the menu and adding specials soon !
wake up!!! ! i'm bored
there is only one time when it is essential to awaken . that time is now.~buddha~
my message box gets so much spam .
" be a rainbow in someone elsewordswordswordss cloud.wordswordswords
makes my day .
tommorrow ? are u tweeting from the future again ?
no one knows u better than urself trust ur own judgement
disgusted by california with #prop8 in 2008 . . . disgusted by n . carolina with #amendment1 in 2012 ! yay ! religious intolerance & bigotry !
hi! ! i have not laid eyes on it myself , so i can't say for sure . . but i see *other people suggesting 2k .
trina turk is having a sample sale this weekent at their west 3rd street .
i dont like your face
happy to hear that . time to sleep . 5 am here , sweet dreams !
spring cleaning !
huh ? where ? what u talkinbout willis ?
yes , indeed . .
still working .
tanks for the follow
once you do it twice , it's not a mistake anymore . you were supposed to learn from your mistakes , and you didn't .
you can tell me everything i don't want to hear because as long as it's coming from you , i'll listen .
indeed ! rt : but seriously . props for keeping the el running . we bus people are just jealous .
i'm happy the mavs won! ! james who !
kimberly's daughter wants to go to lacrosse game 2night instead of awards ceremony for her great grades . kimberly is ok with that . thoughts ?
kudos judge hatchett !
" : dear girls , when a boy pauses his video game to text you , marry him . #ihatevideogames #butitmeansalot "
can i sell them a dream ?
how is recovery coming along .
new adults-only oasis is scheduled to be completed november 15 , 2011
omg did i ever and tonight's show #icriedwhen they showed how it affected his son .
now following . ..very interesting tweets !
you should check out the jobe wilson band . hank williams jr . fans will identify with these music !
true , but for walt disney corp to sill hold copyrights on mickey mouse (not an origanl idea) for years to come is crazy .
" i believe in fairy tale endings . " - guy on the bachelorette (dude , she's not going to turn into a frog once you kiss her)
i like stewart in the philadelphia story . especially when talking about the " holocausts " of tracy lord and when singing drunk .
rt : social media centers of excellence provides governance , policies guidelines , training and best practices
school,work , church and studio
sar , your comment on website took my breath away ! so sweet . i'm so glad you liked the interview . scott=super
we're totally jealous ! rt : just got tickets to yeah buddy! ! so excited :d
oh no . . . . you better not have bad news for me ! !
just saw a headline saying romney got " testy " when asked about gay marriage . well played , copy editor .
what did you grill up ?
would like to know how much the s&p #downgrade was based on overall us #debt and how much was based on concerns re us govt decision making .
oh dear lord.my neighbor has been going nonstop w/ the weed eater for almost 30mins . the noise is killing me and keeping molly from napping
i need a boyfriend so when my friends ditch me , i always have someone there for me .
huge thanks to kevin quinn for his generous donation to antony & cleopatra
you send me twitter spam al the time ( ; haha
www.oregontvfilm.org . . . . . . . .anyone looking for a job in portland oregon ? follow our blue brick road (will reveal more shortly) . . . . . . . . . . . . .
she said ray charles was deaf!!! ! i'm dying ! if he couldn't hear , how did he know what keys to play on the piano ? ! ? ! ? !
we are starting the panel with application #130098 - kyle herrington .
what happened . . .
thanks for the kind words and rt . looking forward to getting to florida .
no problem !
softball game today , possibly might win ! jaykay
sounds like a good stop en route to class . . . rt district commons & burger , tap & shake open for dinner tonight .
dream of tomorrow , live today
i talk crap about them all the time but yesterday i bought a retro phone for my phone lol
please dont get annoyed with me , i must get more views on my youtube videos . www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes thank you! ! retweet !
according to , i'm pretty good at name that tune trivia . . . " for a mere mortal . "
pretty sure in the last two days this is the hardest i've studied all semester
come kiss me then! ! !
hill m with 2 quick goals lead 2-1 over mg .
why do the times on eventbrite say pacific time ?
lol , i'm going to try and come because i'll be moved out of taylor by then .
point shaving was the players not rupp . as for the racism , you obviously haven't done enough homework on that
i do not eat peeps . they are much too sweet for my taste . " the more you know "
i need to look more grown up - everyone assumes i'm studying when i'm doing important business-ey thing
ah tuesday
chik-fil-a for lunch hell yeah !
happy new moon ! !
still i hate running 1 mile
no you won't ! just the thought of friday will keep you awake .
i want to have a kid and take him to the park in the morning . . .
enjoying ' s examples from her creative students . lots of real-life issues being sorted out through multigenre research .
sex on the beach , left love speechless
at this point i just want a position . so if it wouldn't really help that's good to know
one-liner : whoever said nothing was impossible never tried slamming a revolving door .
oh yeah !
fun video shoot for yelp this am ! looking forward to seeing finished product ! :)
cloud how ?
i'm glad you came ;3
sounds good brother ! i am now enjoying my first sips of wine after abstaining for a month (why did i do that ? !!)
do we really want to talk about who ppl support or do we have 2 bring up that little terrorist group filner likes .
umm , hello brian ! ;)
and , always jazzed to meet anyone else into game studies .
faded . faded . faded .
it figures the one time i don't mail in my taxes via registered mail , that my check gets lost . awesome .
dangg twitter ! stop being so interesting , i have to wake up early tomorrow ! aha
josh beckett , who is he ? oh that pitcher from boston . sorry i don't follow baseball but once again so what who cares ? *joy behar voice*
computer problems got you down ? we'll get you back up and running !
omg my thumb hurts so bad man
rt : happy b day to our millionaire gentlemen (via )
can you shoot me a dm about the festival request ?
didn't like fotp first time i heard it . it's grown on me significantly . it deserves recognition
there are those moments in my life that i'll always remember . not because they were important but because you were there with me . . .
thanks for following us (great profile pic , btw) . . .
dad pisses me off ! can't stand him . wish i had a normal father daughter relationship with him . . guess that's too much to ask for .
i watch superbad every night before bed
that is pretty cool . might need to find a place to use it . :-)
last game of the season tonight .
rt : heading back to the city . . where you coming from .
" you sneaky mom! " #butreally he does knee scopes all the time , but the fact that he's havin one done is kinda a big deal
fire ineffective teachers and support the great ones . why in education do we expect the best , but accept mediocrity ?
a man is wise with the wisdom of his time only , and ignorant with its ignorance . ~ thoreau
oh so true
i love school so much .
yes it is! . ..ur profile pic is also amazing ! ;)
great weather for a motorcycle ride , if you took a layup period on your bike insurance please call your insurance agent before you head out
united airlines doesn't wanna hear it ! !
read the article about you in duquesne's magazine . so happy it started here ! cheers to you and makers -of-days everywhere .
ok people who getting mvp lebron or kevin durant . .please comment
did you call the number on the sign ? #achd want to hear from you !
make sure to tweet about it after you take your first bite ! you will love it !
i love wingstop lemon pepper is my favorite ! !
wordswordswordsstay away from what might have been and look at what will be . " ~marsha petrie sue
lmao . girls are dumb , you don't see a bunch of guys throwing electronics or pics of their childs mother in a woodchipper . haha
" : i'd love mornings more , if my mornings started with you . "
folding laundry is one of the most annoying things in the world .
hey portlanders , free pick-up game this thursday 6:30pm at colonel summers park . see you there! ! !
i think you could set robin and i down in nearly any city and we'd find the dive bar .
rialto beach was amazing . back and knees hurt , but happy sitting in qa dq right now
bro u dumb lol
application acknowledgments have been sent for #thatcamp austin . if you didn't get one , we didn't get your application . check your email !
you cant win missing all those free throws down the stretch .
lake park bistro
rt : join and other free-press folks for today's special #sunshineweek #asnechat on govt transparency at 2pm edt .
7 lbs lost and more to go ! pregnancy really makes one gain weight , even if it wasn't my own .
haha i love you
talking about kettlebell training ! glad to see it out in the public with such a popular person
raffi torres should have plenty of time to hang out at the bath house w/ daniel sedin after that murderous cheap shot on hossa
hey love like my page for me on facebook it's ski new york
yaaay back on twitter . . . . . . . . . . . . gonna try to do the cinnamon challenge :d
hey whiteman . ..do you perform in philly ? !
so happy denver has an h&m store . i'm in heaven . now we need a dorothy perkins ;)
thanks it has been a nightmare . ..and my landlord has made it more than difficult . . . .for no reason . . .
i hear that !
i know right :)
during the casting process of #prettylittlethings , the producers & director saw over 120 professional pittsburgh actors . selecting under 19 .
b you're self shid everybody else is taken
yeah , i checked ! not following and had to re-follow . twitter is clearly alive and a mean girl .
hey brandon , i am back . how have you been ? most importantly , how was your christmas ?
#inaghettohousehold they sleep on a bed with no bed frame
i heard from that tito gets canned if red sox don't make the playoffs . could it be true ? via
shout out to pretty ms ! hey girl! ! !
when people send me mean text messages < wordswordswords
you only live once is what yolo is short for
awww goodnight potato :"(( love you<3
mothers day dinner at home and prolly at the grandma house crush mode o.o
#foursquare #guilty but in my defense . ..i love the deals you can get just by " checking in " at a place .
white choco mocha ! !
like every friday , #ff me first and i will #ff you back .
eric sims wrote : " wordswordswordsserve god and fear no one.wordswordswords emmet fox "
i made this account to support you ! please follow me ! im a big fan ! <3 103
thanks to our great panelists , co-sponsors , and all in attendance ! #wawomenwant has been a huge success !
good morning ! anyone headed out to summerfest today ?
sox cubs bulls fire & hawks all win today!! ! yeah chicago! ! !
that's so great :)
is it spring , yet ?
sorry about the twitter spam .
i'm actually heading to the ale haus right now . what are you up to
i'm just gonna spend my day watching hey arnold and snuggling with my cat ok .
dear auntie em , hate you , hate kansas , taking the dog . -dorothy
rt : according to imdbpro " spec scripts sales explode in october " #screenwriting #scriptchat none of them mine i might add .
tiger & woods tonight and tiger woods playing today . . . .
the ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience but where he stands at times of controversy
you mean it doesn't ?
rt : congrats lindsay ! rt congratulations member of the year!! ! <<< thank you !
spurs in 5 . blake/paul hurting . : clippers and sa . . . i say sa in 6 . . . just my thought ! what y'all think ?
feels enough like summer . time for lemonade !
amc aired a new reality show , the real world : advertising . .err . ..the pitch . what were everyone else's thoughts ?
the line moves much slower when my stomach is eating itself .
one job is enough to turn me into a couch potato every single night! ! us hermits need to unite ! :)
i hate summer .
a hypothetical question : how do working-class actors audition & work small gigs in nyc ? (where to stay , transportation . ..) is it feasible ?
watching the original danish version of the killing
yeah , that's it -- yeah , i know . (shrugs) i haven't figured it out either .
and for the first time , the #oscars only runs 10 minutes late .
love is like the sun coming out of the clouds and warming your soul .
nalcy dalmin thanks for following me on twitter ! don't forget to follow me on google+
how'd you like the master ? i think it bumps the whole mix up 100% . great work on your side . see you 2night
i miss you wordswordswordswordswordswords you guys should come back to florida soon!! ! :)
the 76ers have beat out the bulls! ! !
make lots of playlists , and download the app for your phone !
take your attention away from what you dont want and place your attention on what you wish to experience . ~michael beckwith
hey babe:) i notice you've been creepin on my twitter hahaha i'm glad you finally got one ! love and miss you .
thanks , very much appreciated the opportunity . you can always come back sooner than the next afw13 !
#angelinajolie looks sickly thin . just saying .
hmm . ..this will require a portion of my javascript cunning . wait , no ! *all* of my javascript cunning .
: so sad , yet so true , but we must all admit , on twitter talking to strangers is all we do . . .
word is he pours heavy . drink up .
everything sucks during summerfest . except on next saturday when we play . hah .
" is this an ugly sweater party ? " . .."no it's just cambridge . "
hoping to find the best jazz and blues christmas music this year . any recommendations ?
happy day colorado ! we rent and sell copiers . we look forward to working with your company . 303-778-0600
rt : there are no ordinary moments . there is always something going on.~peaceful warrior
osama bin laden killed . wow !
almost 70,000 followers bby c : i feel like a proud mother . .
thanks anyway :) u're the best . . rt : aww happy happy birthday ! have a great day :d
#turmeric is available in health food stores in capsule or pill form
lmao she said she need ta put her strap down that was funny
seafood firm says it doesn't expect virus at nova scotia fish farm to spread - winnipeg free press
is there an audio books hashtag for #fridayreads ?
okkkkayyy ! rt : ' s edm house mix playin in my headphones at the gym
i'm so glad i'm not watching this game . regular season college baseball games are not worth the stress .
yess it still is -.-
rally cap on watching the ! let's go oakland! ! !
guessing you won't be home to hang out at blue/white . #springgame is sat .
let`s see those abs when you have earned that t-shirt !
but stay tuned for more new pieces and if there is any in particular that you are interested in , we do ship !! ! :)
my guy at the coffee bean & tea leaf gave me a free bonus shot of expresso in my coffee . it's like he knew . . .
funny that time warner goes down in the middle of discussions for new service . reminds me why i should talk to others .
i need to learn to drive , get a job , save money for a car , save money to get a place ! ahh ! too many things in life . but i can do it .
all interested volunteers ! we are having a volunteer wrangle tonight at city hall from 5:30-6:30 , all are welcome ! city hall chambers
oh you are too sweet .
headed out to grab some bud . anyone need anyting ?
what did you think of train's performance on dwts tonight ?
is one of the most strongest girls ever . she's been through so much . that just made me cry .
happy monday !
i can eat any food item i want to eat sir .
man wish i was back n lewis center so i could go to the dam
collection committee has successfully created/rewritten policy for nearly 3 years ! finished ! yay us !
at the lake ! #weekend <3
absolutely love , love , love brandon jennings and beno udrih on the court together .
we see you , barack .
have you seen the video ? otherwise that comment might be misconstrued :-)
anyone have photos of the bank shutdowns ? i'm on deadline-lockdown for my upcoming schools story .
i wonder if is still creeping ? rt/follow me if you are <3
ok , seeing a lot of hand-held devices and e-readers at ces , but some are confusingly large or missing features . ..any predictions , people ?
don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant .
but seriously kids , don't use " lol . "
last night was epic
once in a while i'll get moved to do some exercise
my foot still hurts but i wanna longboarddddddd
getting ready to fly to north carolina
" a father is a son's first hero , and a daughter's first love . " <3
what i want for christmas ? for people to read their emails before hitting send . ie . " and am no longer call am calling the token exchange "
in class now . they are excited that you are interested . and a little nervous .
only 15 % of americans meet the weekly recommendation for 150 minutes of moderate physical activity , like brisk walking .
i even found an iphone charger . tf ? i dont even have an iphone . lol anyone need an extra iphone charger ? haha
i always pretended i was afk . i was mean
that grizzlies/clippers series lasted longer than the regular season!! ! i'm so glad it's over!! ! !
hey everybody do you know what's hiring any good job out there im tired of the one i have
i'm not sure how i feel about the high school boy at mcalisters calling me " dear " on 3 different occasions
twerking to the beat of europe's " cherokee "
so my one & only proposal is that i gain the opportunity to meet & greet with you for my b-day ; wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
good morning .
freddie follow me! . . . . . . me might think of making videos like your someday.( ; #follow #winning ?
ron artest gotta be feeling pretty stupid right now!!! ! !
dont worry bout it
#musesocial see u all online
obama : take the money we're no longer using at war , take half of it to pay debt & use the rest to do some nation building here at home
im missing u as hell briten :((((
judge payne : " it's not just managing to data , it's wisely using the data to help our workers with their critical thinking "
actually , will be doing a fair in austin that i think i'll attend . will be their first in tx , should be good ! ?
happy monday ! here's your goal today : make a list of three things you've needed to do , but kept putting off -- and do them !
happy saturday , friends . it's a beautiful day !
hotel room service ;)
it's time
hi curt :d
is amazing ! they just saved the day for
pirate game swaag [ :
back to bed again .
aha , lols . bet , he at school tho .
back to the countdown : five days before my last day of employment .
no , it's a half pound burger with a pound of fries . it's ridiculous , and we just ordered three of them . yours sounds awesome tho !
martha locked me out of my ipod touch for five minutes . i love my friends :) #saturdaynights are great
fort lauderdale/hollywood intl . arpt . closed today for a few hours do to a substance found .
- sounds like cheap labor
just remembered why i hate clothes shopping . . . .
nah . bubba didn't have baby teeth
i'm not violent , but when a dairy queen cashier hands me my food without a " thank you, " i innately stab her in the eye w/ an ice cream cone .
here's a wild idea . ..perhaps if this country didn't send so many jobs overseas.so manyamericans wouldent be unemployed . . just a thought
shower time wordswordswordswordswordswords
haven't seen a negative comment about the avengers . forget the box-office , that's a huge milestone in itself .
cole world illuminti
no matter what the temperature outside , truman high school will always be freezing . fact
getting everything together , so keep an eye out .
thx , one of my biggest issues & imo biggest barrier to monetizing sponsor/partner deals on sm
t4 simplify administrative processes . too much time/mental energy spent helping patients navigate complicated system
why dont u like to let your man take care of u
i thought the same thing . twin sons of different mothers . . . . hm . . . name that album .
man thank you for the support !
haha . i don't know what most girls do either . ..so we're on the same page . lol .
man , i'm glad there weren't cell phone cameras back in my party days or there might be my organ shots all over twitter ! <g>
randy wells is trending and derrick rose is not .
when you spend so much time with someone you start acting like them
you're koch-sucking love of big oil is the most irresponsible thing in the entire world . retire & leave now , please .
what you mean ?
rt : #cloud only " true cloud " provides compute/app services not just access/transmission .
had a good rest tommorrow going back to school #ehhh feeling better though goodnight twitter <3
let's go pacers!!! . . . let's shock the nation with this win
so the question of the hour is whether or not facebook screws up instagram . taking all bets !
downloading the #icecreamsandwich android update for my htc #sensation . preparing to be disappointed
we really need to score on this drive .
animals with eyebrows are at a tremendous advantage . hard to look pitiful without eyebrows .
yeah ! i'll take it .
so so so #thankfulfor beautiful warm weather today , sun on face , warm breeze , birds chirping , flowers blooming , dogs wagging those tails !
life would be better if you had the time for me .
of course , now i'm all environment conscious , so i'm pushing for innovation in transportation .
yes exciting year ahead !
i have that sense as well . still a navigational noob , but intrigued with what's going on here
i love how whenever i get on twitter , there's always the perfect quote flying by in my twitter stream . . . .
so how did your flash mob thingy go ? i was traveling :( and couldn't hang out or help :( hope it was a success !
why do u draw up a play for jennings ? he's been off all night .
you never lose by loving . you always lose by holding back . -barbara de angelis
lolol . your welcome .
or not having phone service inside a hospital to tweet your frustrations , but at least there's wifi . . .
el oh el . im still thinking about it . because its to much work :p
taking your vitamins and saying your prayers has sadly lost all meaning .
is my idol too
west loop . i will direct message you the address and my number
you didn't miss much !
anyone interested in doing a video learning web site ?
yay ! rt : #vegas #fashion happenings tonight . keep up w/ lv fashion stylist & blogger & i as we tweet live !
her phone dead and somebody hit her car
avi on point
anybody in the bywater/ marigny got a truck ? need some cinder blocks .
ah-mazing . xo rt : remember when we got hit on at the #blocstar party last night ?
i can't watch the almost kiss at the end of the elt video . i emotionally just can't do it
super excited going to the first carnival of the season on saturday :) ! been waiting for this since last summer !
signed the (virtual) dotted line - la jolla half marthon incoming! ! !
tgif ! make sure if you go out this weekend you have a safe way to get home with a reliable taxi company ! happy halloween! ! call 520-798-1111
i have this overwhelming desire for today to be memorial day and to be on north ave beach .
rt : based on today's news , joe #paterno's final regular season game would be nov . 26 at camp randall
there are way too many protests happening at union square right now . people need to coordinate .
rainy monday , good way to start the week . wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
#royals fans , what happened with dyson out at the plate 1st inning ? was the hit and run on ? i'm only watching the gameday tracker . . .
lol ! agreed." : i need a day in the hyperbolic time chamber . "
are you in the mix ? follow us on facebook.com
i agree 100%famrt : i can't wait for summer . . there's nothing like summer time in cali , pure fun & memories
the #literary world is made up of little confederacies , each looking upon its own members as the lights of the universe .
you know she's official , when it's unofficial & she's still loyal .
wired mag named david krakauer one of 50 most likely to change the world . wid as a greenhouse experimenting with hybrids
i hear that ! they cannot lose this game or else the season is in jeopardy !
" insist on yourself . never imitate . "
follow on instagram
just to be clear : i grew up in alaska , and i love canadians .
ginger ale and gummi bears doe
the new www.drwiggys.com is coming soon ! keep your eye out for a our contest in celebrating the website launch! ! itmt , check out our pics !
me too ! have a beautiful day !
mike leach did not play football at the college level . (along with paul johnson , david cutcliffe , george o'leary , bobby hauck , + chip kelly)
in the airport . ..europe bound ! :)
cool . will do .
its official , i'm insomniatic .
heading down to the fox to see kid rock and the dso . should be interesting .
less gay marriage and more marriage equality - issue predefined wrong
i have that problem when sexting #moodkiller rt dude , if you're gonna im me , type faster that 5 wpm .
don't forget bachelor & bachelorette reality shows .
ur my soul coach all the way . starbucks with you made my day . thanks !
have a great time this weekend . if your schedule opens up before you head back , let me know .
i got this drank in my cup
although of course the american right doesn't care much about the children of the working poor
spoiler alert ! some of us are on the west coast ! :-p
three different #penis topics are trending . i guess it really is a man's world .
yes , it's the new desktop hubs got me for christmas . i blame solar flares . thanks for google idea ! xo
yes , thank goodness ! have a wonderful weekend
i know . he definitely should've made some more plays in that game .
it's bbq time
may 20th show wit waka , may 25th show/videoshoot performance wit alley boy & trouble , july 6th show wit plies ! we workin !
that sounds fair and an extra for sakya since i called her ryan !
just alittle busy at home ! plenty to work on . i just want to thank all my twitter followers ! enjoy your evening !
harry potter and the deathly hallows 1&2 > studying for finals
i love going to mommy atm
sure did ! rt : that boy dd got my vote hope he got yours also . . . .
life is waiting
" sodfather " hm creative ! ! !
if you want something , go get it . don't let anyone convince you that it's impossible . make the impossible possible
there's a trap i'm trying to avoid right now while working with #emberjs : using it like
strength is noting more than how well you hide your pain .
3 #hockey games this week ? ! ? guess i can't really complain :)
im my sons keeper .
micah's not in pic but 13 , 9 and isaiah who's only 9 wears a 7 ! i need another job just to put shoes on their feet ! :)
:) ! hope u'r having a great day :) just tweeted to make it happen!! ! #iwantmandyback :)
i was just telling my mom about our indoor skydiving jaunt . i'm still so glad you & felicia were up for adventure !
just made one baller cd ! !
$pvsp currently has over 3 million in volume ! price is at .024 , these prices are a steal !
paramount public relations is looking to hire an unpaid intern from 9-5 p.m . , 15-20 hours a week , or 2-3 days a week . tasks include writingwordswordswords
i understand the frustrations , but on a day to day basis our work reflects a real access for community voice
i love your handshake meetin my father , i love how you walk with your hands in your pockets <3
it's friday! ! enjoy the holiday weekend but remember to make smart choices and take care of yourself !
can't get away from cursing today . at the talk about profanity detection then coding negative youtube comments for my own paper .
my party : food dj liquor and a good time starts at 12-1 till whenever text or inbox me for full details an invites . " respect is the key "
next get the presso hand espresso machine
let it get real .
i have to get up at 5:30 in the damn morning . :/
she act interested in the game for me .
miami is not letting up !
dentists across wisco are cringing . the pack are super bowl bound !
you hang in there
before getting bigger lips- one must consider the added cost of additional lipstick to cover the vast surface space it must now graze .
was wondering about that . . rt : can capture blue screen of death with snagit ? gotta see how that works . lol .
worst nba game in a while . this guy kg , man . lmao .
rain rain go away , please come back another day .
jimmy jam .
omg it was alec ! wow lol sorrrryyyy definitely thought it was his friend who also works there hahaha
if this game stays like this syracuse will pull out and win . cuse wins close games .
to beat your story length , they would need to read the bible , aloud , in its entirety .
tweets the info or :)
dear alec baldwin : after keeping me for 10hrs to play with you . then you forgot over 20 x who i was , at which you were delusional .
sad , but shes still gods flower . . rip wh
i wonder if we have time to go jus ' mac before the black keys concert ?
these 3 am stars got me to crawl back . i should have never left
negative emotions are just sensations of the body , they aren't the boss of powerful you .
i'm off to the heart of rust belt chic , the amazing , to meet some writers .
your welcome , a big jonas fan . :)
thanks for the tipon aix weather . i'll check it out .
money may not buy happiness , but it did by ikea kitchen cabinet inserts that have made me very very happy .
aavg still has strong bid . . . after .0019 ask is thin
wow , dc #metro is going to be fubar this weekend .
happy monday morning tweeps ! got a little bit of the memphis blues after the clippers eliminated the grizzlies yesterday on beale street .
trash can hoes cnt smoke my tree
i'm really hoping to hit the #phish lottery ! spac and ac . 4th of july would be awesome . fingers crossed .
wisconsin governor walker attacks sex ed
what are you looking forward to most at the portland boat show ? if you're hankering to get out on the water after , check us out !
" office parks are so 20th century . " mitchell silver , chief planning officer , raleigh , nc
we are hiring if you have any potential candidates !
this may b the only time i may cheer 4 kane this year
great blog material !
that's good
im not tired . . #gonnawatch movies
1st my bike is stolen , now my apt smells like pot and it's not me ! feel like i live in a dorm . this is bs
army pt shirt + basketball shorts = true comfort
two weeks till i see my brother again :)
locker rooms are so boring . that is why i tweet .
thats great ! we're writing a lot of new music to hopefully finish an album and we're playing this sat !
your welcome :) ill cross my fingers and hope u can come
*turns up*
standing outside a stadium in a circle with coworkers who are talking about drinking .
i like # . :) : there needs to be a way to express the excitement/happiness level between a period and an exclamation point .
here till 2 we have plenty of lobster and crab grill's today see you soon
the girls ?
thanks for sharing it with us , happy anniversary ! rt : enjoyed an amazing first anniversary loving life .
plz i like bobby d but his ? ' s are combative . whose side is he on ? 1% or the rest of us!!!! ! !
always been a fan , #erik_rhodes ! love your movies ! -ross yerger , #facebook fan
girl right ! that's all they want
weren't you supposed to buy it ?
yay jersey shore today ! ! =)
belger arts center will host a demonstration by the print factory on sept . 2 . it's a mobile printmaking collective founded by kcai alumni .
being introduced to country music . . guess i'm spending my night cleaning with a glass of wine in hand and gettin my country on
well done improv : loft @ io west ! opening for my play : coming soon ! new pics this wk ! can't wait ! such great new year ! 2011's still rockin !
go look them up ,)
looking for a candidate for weber shandwick at the as level who will work on one of the firmwordswordswordss largest global healthcare client . doing patiwordswordswords
ugh long day . . i hate college so much . . make me feel better ! :d
you made me who i am from the words you said!!! ! !
yeah well . . . over the next 30 days ill average a flight ever 15 days . . . and about 5000 miles traveled so :p
my favorite day of the sporting year : the last day of world cup ski racing and the first day of formula 1 .
college student , artist , ceo , trapper , enterperneur , father , damn what more can i add ta ma resume ?
brings lots of nice surprises but tweets can also be misinterpreted .
i don't let a dude smash on an important night and i get ignored , sucks to be the chill laid back pot head girl cool with everyone . . . wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
white orange and ninja wowed the audience at the agenda last night ! if you ever get a chance to see either of them , go !
los angeles , ca : i will be @ the country-western music benefit gala 2nite . come up and say hi . bring toys and canned goods .
in july or augst mine is july 26 urs
kicking back enjoying the time im given , soon its back on my grizzy
cher lloyd on the radio ! ? ! ?
who do u think will come to ky ? how many more players do we need 4 next season ! at least 3 right ?
elvis week . maybe that's why it's also " admit you're happy " day and " happiness happens " day . not happy ? then " think happy " . starts inside .
we look forward to the dedication of the center for science and the arts at brentwood christian school on october 1st . will you be there ?
#lxchat rt : for site specific : it's way less about " calling a show " and more about solving logistics .
love you bud !
: twitter did that thing where it randomly unfollowed a few people and you were one of them ! :(
having nfl network for thursday night games is cool , working thursday evening is not . . .
do not hang up on me . end of story .
happy birthday to the best father in the world ! i love you john myatt and you are deeply missed . if you were here i would still say the same
yeah i can't wait to write letters :d and that's an awesome saying just like
funniest comment i received about exceeding expectations . " a 30ish hunk 4 young women . a 50ish george clooney type for moms & aunts .
never get tired of watching #fnl reruns ! come on now coach taylor !
the us house of representatives sent me a 2012 calendar . so glad they spent time and money (my money) on something i'm going to throw out .
g though , i do hold off on sex a lot when i have a job , i get so immersed in my responsibilities . .
an anonymous phone number tipped me off ! haha
these bachelors are creative and good looking oh we !
bout to go take a shower tell me if i iss anything followers !
just wanted to thank for being #green and #eco friendly!!! ! !
nathan fillion and adam baldwin&#39;s reunion on &#39;castle&#39 ; recalls great &#39;firefly&#39 ; moments (video)
just noticed my foursquare account is linked to my twitter page,i'll have to fix that .
obviously i'm not gonna date you . .
:) maybe we can work on that . . looks like your doing pretty good . . . :) and always rockn
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you're watching tv with your parents and a se scene comes on .
thanks jimmy kimmel for making me laugh really hard this week . first la and go and tonight ron artest . so funny !
mommie made me soup wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
ah you dont even know!( :
my kind of guy , lol !
you've got enough on ur own plate . ..keep ur grubby finers outta mine !
who's your inspiration ?
#uppers pres . obama has had his character questioned at every point . so , romney's shouldn't be ? ! i think not .
wakin up , lots to get done today!! ! !
industry image in by shawn records
miss you too ! what are we gonna do about it ?
rsm is downtown at the video shoot with for the dum fum video shoot .
this is going to be interesting .
they need to change the rules of idol this year so , , and can all win . no one needs to leeeaavee !
sharepoint tip : basic workflows are approval & collect feedback-send a document 4 approval to publish or release & collect feedback .
an hour an half down 7 more to go wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
awww so are you
can't believe the weekend is already over . that went by faster than kim kardashian's marriage . #toosoon ?
it's almost impossible for me to stay positive anymore . guys , the stupid people are winning . they are kicking our asses . i'm not kidding .
thanks ! cool to meet another fitness addict . :)
aww . you'll keep in touch with her , right ?
great day touring toronto , ontario ! tomorrow teaching some elementary students music in guelph , ontario should be fun times ! #thatsafirst !
double-checking queries and numbers in tables . . . in-between prepping my lecture for tonight's class
questioning people ask so others know . curious people ask so they know .
not over yet
tafur vs . kawakami 5 5 minute rounds . they seem to be the most feisty .
. ..which is good because i need to go back to my sister's and tackle some touch-ups now that it's been painted .
surround yourself with people who make deposits & not just withdraws into your destiny! ! !
tonight is ' s " best of craigslist show . " we have comps , booze , and funny improvisers . what more could you ask for ? 10pm
hello , how are you ?
wordswordswords : women are the devil.wordswordswords only if you have no game . . . .
now playing horace silver/andy bey " i've had a little talk "
protagonist of my life . . antagonist of your life .
when r u coming back ?
hmm . i need a sec . i love almost all kinds of music .
no i'm not but thanks
get your legal documents served by expeditious process servers in sacramento , ca .
baby ! it is almost time for z-baby 2 ! e !
same here . i'm literally applying for anything that will pay me .
hope you're feeling good chris ! !
our room is sparkling its so clean . . . .lol jk
why only " ladies " ? it is 2012 , you need to be a little more open-minded .
does it count if i was already following ? btw your tweets are great !
so glad my backyard is coming together . just a bit more gravel and its complete , oh wait need a new grill now . :)
lmao x') : don't judge me ! :( " neat o ? (x " : the battleship movie commercial used " predato . . .
austin also makes the best rainstorms , aside from their fish tacos .
anyone have a cooler i could borrow ? maybe there's a place in the city that rents them ? :)
about to eat something squishy and pink . . . what the frick japan ?
how are you feeling ?
this post seemed inappropriate cuz i read it fast lol
my managers are dropping hints that i'm gonna start opening . how exciting lol . that 5:30 am to 1:30 pm is no joke
there r so many!!!!!! ! u should really go down there .
debate over public campaign financing - rochester ynn
our dispatch is trained & equipped to service all your courier service needs! ! call us now for your same day delivery request . 877-527-5737
my grandpa thinks its ok to get in the car without his keys #forgetting something ?
there really should be a shazam app for all things
i will be so glad when this baby comes in the fall ! i am sick of being sick .
" happy new year australia "
open the door and walk through .
lamborghini murcie ; your man is so thirsty wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
bring it
well theirs a knife . and theirs an arm .
- competition will only make us stronger . looking forward to it .
made some back-end changes the other day that appear to be failing today . ..we'll get ' er back asap
it's never a good idea to fill a 20 month old baby full of chocolate ! at least it's just once a year . . .
my father promise me if i had a reply from u give his new car " it is ferrari " pleas pleas pleas wordswordswords
#sdmayornp dumanis % is ok . filner bigger % says demaio just gave tax $ to private business & corps . art s/b public .
i mean meal
this construction is dc is never ending .
the sarcasm was unnecessary .
incredible night w/haskell wexler , rita taggart and dir andy davis @ screening of stony island . brilliant piece of art & exceptional score !
those are my favorite! ! spicy , warm and delicious rt : my new way to kick an impending cold : dan dan noodles .
new session started . .welcome all new students from korea,china,saudi arabia,thailand and turkey . .
i'm gonna try to come up to reno ! :) i'll txt and let ya know have a great one if i don't tho ! :d
snooooowww!! ! #bass drink up
anybody who knows me , knows that i'm a " fashion rebel "
#cosign!!! ! wordswordswords : if they lose this series i'm done with basketball foreverwordswordswords
thx for rt . piece was dreadful .
some people's priorities are so messed up .
out of nowhere , daydreaming about some sort of gourmet pretzel . wish there was a pretzel truck in #chicago !
thanks , katy ! glad you liked the post . looking forward to talking with you again soon !
dating themselves ?
dirk!! ! thanks for sharing embrey :)
can you follow me i just followed you back!!! ! !
people 1 . care about you 2 . pay attention to what you have to say 3 . would help find you if you ever went missing ! !
smiling because i can . blessed
new avi with my brothers and
june 22 come quick!! ! !
remember your resolutions ? you probably need them now as much as you did in january . it's a good time to revisit & revise them .
good thing i brought an umbrella . should have considered my rainboots--but i guess you can't win ' em all .
we love u drake !
#christian #fundamentalists : isn't it enough that you've condemned me to hell when i have to hear your constant proselytizing here on earth ?
and i know id be good at it
had studio last night but was not feeling good at all . oh the life of a teenager . back at it soon though good stuff comin your way ! xo
at the ischool at univ of washington , we have an info science phd where you can focus on ictd or information in society .
dear mets nation : please calm down . the universe always has a way of correcting itself .
talking dogs would totally kick ass
over here i thought it was world book 2012 !
poised creation is blessed to be backed by some of the best business professionals in the country !
i love the mussels but you can't go wrong .
seriously don't . . your hair looks great the way it is
had achill night now heading to work , happy mothers day !
rt wordswordswordstwenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn't do than by the ones you did do . mark twain
that's awesome ( :
perhaps the city could name a conv center expansion after it . ;)
torn meniscus :( but it's small please pray
#jazzfest2012 (i had to do at least one hashtag.)
#idontlikeyoubecause i cant stand your smirk
hi rocky ! when is the next time you'll be in detroit ? love your charisma !
back home . . . where i belong
the three questions you should ask in a job interview so you hear " you're hired" . reports . 11pm next
thx so much for the website !
every time i hear the birds chirping in the morning , i feel like i'm waking up in the arena
no more reports! ! am catching up with drawsomething , then off to bed .
is honored to represent the company at the red carpet gifting suite for the academy awards !
thanks ! rt : aw congrats ! wow it seems like y'all just got married . beautiful !
sounders are on in a hour . get in and grab a seat and a pitcher of redhook no equal for $12 .
but why is only filled with old people that has too much surgery on their face ? is because of all the prune juice they drink ?
would you agree the #browns have to take rg3 if available ?
rt wordswordswords : went 2 the deli 2 get some hot ham & rolls for lunch after church . sun is out & it is beautiful 2day in wi . i'm also a dickwordswordswords
packing for #sla2011 : the conference pdf is on my ipad , my outfit is color-interchangeable , and my business cards have rounded edges . what !
it's friday ! i am so glad . what a long week !
why did he block you ?
it's hard to watch downton abbey without blowing kisses at the tv .
it's making more and more sense for them to send us samples :)
it's interesting how subjects like war are male only when women had significant roles as well & yet we don't tell it
good morning world ! !
i shouldn't love you , but i want to , i can't walk away . i shouldn't see you , but i need to , i just can't look away .
irony is looking up when opens for brunch and finding its act has been hacked & advertising weight loss . divine intervention ?
we're happy too !
ouch ! rooting for the home team .
love!! ! you should listen to cover of billie jean too:)
i pray for my friend , who committed himself last night . he's finally getting the help he needs .
another day of what do they people have in common - pat benatar , jim croce and rod stewart . ..it's their birthday today . happy birthday !
my stomach and head hurt so bad :(
what's good #followers #tgif have a nice day
mayor of konya calls for a human approach to sustainable urbanization while integrating konya's heritage
sure ! i'm posting as much as possible on facebook facebook.com/springsvisionforum and here using
great minds think a like bro
should the sheriff be held in contempt for not following a judge's order to take 91 year old to hospital ?
happy holidays !
this is my favorite day of the year, . . . the day of anticipation and christmas cheer . #merrychristmas everybody !
what kind ! ? bbq are my fav .
can't wait to see next #muppetmovie .
friday ends kinda blah . i think by the end of the week my brain is torched .
thanks for the mention and the add to yesterdays cleveland soldiers gazette . very nice .
(2/2) for teams from their hometown area . will take time and dc in unique situation being hq of govt . my .02
all day happy hour every day in the lounge . $3.00 taps , $3.50 wells , $3.00 appetizers .
lets go pacers .
glad " semper fi " is trending today , ~ happy 236th birthday marines !
record your golf scores by sending a message to wordswordswords scores [score1][score2] . .[score18]wordswordswords (heabt)
i love it when the rain ruins my plans to go lay in my driveway and look at the sky .
just being funny
well , i agree to a point , but having had experience with that type of man , it's a very fine line . :-)
yeaa cause he called me when he got outta practice and i tricked him like you was over here and he said he was bout too come .
graduation party tonight . . . . come buy the man a shot
another day of working my fingers to the bone
i love you<3
the usual monday with
fun times with :)
analogy of the day : as rehab is to drugs , so seminary is to religion . as with rehab , after seminary most people relapse into religion
there was an rit prof on jeopardy last night and i missed it because i was at the homebrewing club meeting . apparently he won .
twitter tip ! twitter is a different platform than facebook . talking on twitter is more like texting . so text . . . . .
prosecutor : love's mouth injuries indicate " she couldn't scream " because #huguely covered her mouth .
beyonce & it's not even close .
tomorrow should be interesting .
i love going to sleep hungry . not really . am actually quite angry about it . but at least i know breakfast will soon come .
refreshed . off to go clean some more
driving ur niece around for prom . .lol who cares if u spelled it wrong , this is twitter . the important thing is they understood
oversleeping on a sunday , then waking up to birds singing feels so natural .
some cases i feel it's warranted but not in every case .
every so often , i like to go to the window , look up , and smile for a satellite picture .
looks to be as if the knicks are getting hot at the right time huh ?
a lil beautiful
of course , im coming over !
damn light-colored mustaches . cause more headaches than they're worth .
- thanks , rebecca ! great to see you at sma 2012 ! !
rt : it sucks going from talking to someone everyday , to not at all.but things change , sometimes for the best i guess .
damn you churros for your tasty goodness . run , run , run
something . . . . . .something . ..dark side something . . . . . .
i love watching tony allen play . love those nba players that are all about defense
thanks ! looking forward to the link !
rt : you have to watch who is speaking into you . you have to monitor your mind . program yourself into success ~ les brown .
community garden meeting this wednesday , 5:30 pm in the bartram barn - all are welcome to grow with us !
i just finished a 4.00 mi run with a time of 43:57 with nike+ gps .
lion envy
livin ' the life .
guise who is dave ? looool , guise im so slow .
thanks judy !
" my heart bursts its banks , spilling beauty and goodness . i pour it out in a poem to the king , shaping the river into words . " psalm 45:1
theater : ghost , leap of faith and lyons struggle on broadway - huffington post
what happened to the fan club - mail in some cash in return for a glossy photo and a bit of swag ?
awwwhat ? ! ? ! iconic boyz didnt make it at hhi ? ! ? ! the judges were obviously high and legally blind !
we spend too much time wounding instead of encouraging one another . " we are many parts of one body , & we all belong to each other . " rom 12:5
naw i cu bra yo videos #better den mine
sounds like awesome british library moment to me .
on , no ! #homelandsecurity will now be following my #tweets forever . accused #tsa of theft . at least follow me to add to my numbers .
perfect for holiday shopping rt macy's having big sale up to 75% this wknd .
dj envy one spinning @ thirsty thursdays at relic lounge
sorry , i do not speak moon man
those parking garages are a disaster . ..need a gps just to get out . ..ugh . .
congrats to the wisconsin timber rattlers on a combined pitching no hitter !
haha , it was a metaphor for my spirit ! ; ) but my man plays the drum , among many other instruments & his great voice .
house escrow really confuses me . but i can't argue when i get a big check in the mail saying we paid to much into it this year . (^v^)/wo0t !
if barkley was in this draft , the vikings had better take him at #3 . christian ponder was #10 in 2011 qb rankings .
hello tweethearts . . . im back ! :)
we enjoyed hearing speak yesterday at #wmp2012 ! we are all in the same fight !
a select few had the gifted voice of whitney houston . let us celebrate the life of wh and pray for those love ones in their time of grief .
qirl depends if we rollin wit some chromes spinners or a donut
sitting with handsome editing body scapes video ! is such a smart cookie . just shines with beauty .
lol rtwordswordswords : we are taking up a collection for that corner flag that got murdered at the nyrb game today . #ripwordswordswords
on a team meeting call . really want to just bail on the rest of the day once this is over . . . i have black beans and rice to make !
i want my 3rd tattoo . . . .
only 12:15 local time and my remote is exhausted .
so sleepy .
finished track 4 for " the emperor of monsters soundtrack!" . 8 more tracks to go ! detroitexploitation funk worldwide !
well . ..my bad !
just because it's gluten free doesn't mean that the food is low carb .
everybody gettin dreads i swear
mad work to do in such little time .
rt : this scrooge story is obscuring what this product is
is that your stuff #excellent !
good job saints! ! !
thanks ! , when are you headed back to dc ? and do you ever play w/in middle schools ? do you want to ?
thanks boo ! couldn't have done it without you .
hey , last mnh for a while , mcfetridge is closing for repairs for a while . ..it starts at 9 though , you in ? sent you the fb invite .
for if it can't be used for everyone . especially when they are making good money off of people for such a simple service .
trying to unwind from a tense day . i chose a program about homicidal children . my problems are all so clear .
rt : wow does " relation extraction " for text ! + many other services (w/ lots of wrappers available!): . . .
whaaaatttt lmao ? idk why i do but i dowordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
no never
i am at doctor apt with waiting to start spencers test #loveit !
come on how u go from spittin fire to romanin moscow&stupid hoe ? dat shows some1 wrote 4 her u get better as an artist not worse
piece of garbage single story office building by the freeway
when one direction comes out on pandora i get all : i'm a girl and i love them and i will sing no matter how bad my singing voice is t(._.t)
thank you for the follow ! best wishes on the music career !
grateful to the sitter as she feeds the dudes while i work & my mom preps for a procedure tomorrow .
today's message : rescuing rehab
we're back ! look for honcidie stickers this weekend !
i wish called me as much as he did on accident .
nothing special . i have some work to do , but that's the only thing definite in my schedule .
three some of chicks in front of us . fml
after yesterday's loss to the twins , the brewers are 9-8 and still in third place in the al east .
' your heretical words moisten paul's balls with worry . may his balls-based anatomy enlighten you and show you the way . ' lolwat ?
awesome day meeting #fosterly peeps , looking forward to the next one !
we like it ! rt : interested in nonprofit related issues in la #npla = nonprofit los angeles .
my babe put me on a strict diet for , if i eat sweets i dont get any sex ! lmao <3
happy to help on such an exciting day ! rt : getting broncos around town on manning thanks to for their help .
ticker tape parade for the giants . give yourself extra time to get downtown if you are trying to get the the statue of liberty or ellis . . .
did you know miami beach's art deco district is the largest collection of art deco architecture in the world ?
walking down stairs and seeing your face just ruined my morning .
as i understand it , delong *is* honest , but some in church leadership say it would be preferable if she weren't
a random pennsylvania number just texted me a pic of the entrance to wrigley field . i'm at least happy to know it's sunny in chicago today .
thanks for supporting us with cuts 4 a cause !
johnnie's beef
no limit - pat ford*
a gorgeous pic ! :d
i'm swooning over a relationship on tv thats not even real . how lame am i
preview : sheanomenon takes permanent role in central defense as and fc dallas try to break extended winless streaks .
hahahahaha ! oh gosh , finally someone who understands there was enough room for jack on there ! !
following u . . #oke ! !
lol that explains the ' lovely day ' tweet . ..because its horrible in la right now .
baby it's not just me , but its you too :)
how'd you do that
great advice at #matrix12 from #wsj's peggy noonan . ..always read : put your opinions and ideas into context
they'll prob move jones to right- heard yet who they will call up ?
you can text first too . :)
i have an asian woman taxi driver . ..not to stereotype or anything but the odds are not in my favor . #1sttimeive everwornaseatbeltinataxi
haha oh you know i would ! but i have my final today too . . and don't be too hard on . . she's on summer break
rt : breaking : nc voters approve constitutional amendment defining marriage as union between a man and woman
can you dunk them in coffee , or do they fall apart ?
:( i gotta get a new desktop computer!! ! ;( my laptop does not process hd video for editing ! bo ! any suggestions on a new desktop ?
how do you see them so much ?
yay ! new episodes of my latest addiction , #storagewars !
i love the new fanfic ! it's amazing
nice to see you today at northstar . remembered " radioactive " later , the green and yellow cover .
sad day 2day 9 peeps hurt 2 died gunman entered hosptial in pgh pa 2 of my friends wrk there no ones heard from them so . . .
-thanks mike-- and some of your favorite authors there also !
if you didn't know , buttered bread dipped in soup is divine . but you probably knew .
i had a good time with the young passionate dancers at ramona high school . what a awesome workshop is " from da ground up "
if i could go back in time . ..i wouldnt change a thing .
how's the crowd ? #l1c4 ? come on
wordswordswordsmt : , making me believe in stuff i'd kind of forgotten ht for awhile . thanks for that . i love you . #wiunionwordswordswords
checking out fc dallas tomorrow night in frisco . should be a great match against new england
canada will for sure . image distributes there .
read dora last night ! awesome . can't wait to handsell it . hooray for lidia !
#iwantyouback just kidding i've moved on and i'm happier now:)
classy , classy concession speech by tom perriello - " as my father taught me , judgment day is more important than election day . "
what i just read wowzers lol
should i wear my new shirt to my exam today ? um , obviously .
k.g to high lol
i will in a little while,promise-i've been crazy busy.i am also building my website . ..more infos coming up.thks for asking !
we all have dreams . but in order to make dreams into reality , it takes an awful lot of determination , dedication , & discipline . -jesse owens
haven't read what payton's suspension entails (off today) but if he truly can't affect his team , brees & offense will suffer .
well put rt : realizing that a big reason i hate talking politics is that it's actually hard/awkward to agree on facts .
where will the puma's jerseys be today ? inside the mc ?
lol . we did too girl
seriously , who cares about klout ? seems belgium is going crazy over it . . .
good chance of showers today . -- bathroom forecast .
i sort of want johnny and starr to get together !
i think i'm getting this figured out . the thing i'm feeling is why most people drive cars here . the bus system is confusing .
i miss you too :( we should hang out very soon ! !
please! ! is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try . . i love you so much justin!56
yay ! ! so happy for you !
haha awesome . i'm pretty sure day 1,2 , and 3 will consist of soaking in the blue lagoon
is celebrating with at the annual #allschoolreception , great night
we're celebrating one year of fighting childhood obesity in ga . the gymanimals black tie anniversary bash !
omg don't mind me i'm having a dumb blond moment
y'all r behind
session done til tomorrow
not planning the next trip quite yet ( : planning vacation tends to take a backseat to planning work stuff , ha
today's birthdays : singer-musician george johnson(the brothers johnson) is 59.tv personality kathleen sullivan is 59.actor bill paxton is 57
yeah , i call it how i see ya i wish i never met ya , i wouldnwordswordswordst wanna be ya <3 lil wayne
goin home gotta do hw for dr kinsman bt i hope my mother doesnt yell at me again
thanks for the love! ! !
seriously lasttime i was here it took 2hours & my hairs longer & thicker so its deff gunna take 3 , we
why you gotta be so kind hearted ?
this one almost made me get down on one knee lol
thanks man . i try .
excited about potentially being a contestant on ridley and tony scott's new show shooters ! hope to hear !
#supersunday have a great day guys :)
but when you smile at the ground it aint hard to tell
i'm gonna start a revolution from my bed ! ! !
mhmkay , i added you:) i'm not on right now though , i'm doing homework-_-
in the past 2 years i have flown approx . 75 flights . i've been upgraded on 3 , and only 1 where atlanta was involved .
now following this chica>>
home from work . shooting crown . give me strength !
got dismissed an hour early <3
tiger balm
uga special teams need to be more special . please .
nah i seen that but my son had his first video shoot today . .i rented out shea middle school for em . . video was dope
mt wordswordswords : thanks for making #doveinspired the #1 hashtag in the usa ! . ..excited to support with $15k.wordswordswords tough to ignore axe
" this is the time to get rid of donald trump . " -- obamacare
dude , mcdonalds is not food . ew powdered meat .
thanks for the #mustfollow and everyone
wordswordswords : you believe everything you read huh ? get the facts.wordswordswords u must b the top 1% if not ur fooling urself
so . . . . who wants to be on tv ? i entertaining the idea of a co host . . . if interested let me know .
thanks for contacting us ! we'll send along an email response tomorrow . have a great sunday !
thank you! ! i was surprised when i saw it !
watching " everything must go" . it's pretty depressing so far . is this the story of job or what ? ! lol
most breads were white , therefore they didn't have the germ or the bran in them
re : you're welcome ! hope all is well .
observing all the looks and writing them for my blog . stay tuned .
i honestly don't understand tumblr at all . . .
#dignityofwork like the christmas i spent packing gutted herring for shipment to japan . super dignified
thomastrading845 on ebay! ! !
get over yourself . stop taking everything so personally .
we love feedback . if you haven't already be sure to check out www.theadvocator.org
why do people follow me ?
i've literally been hitting snooze for two and a half hours . #48hrl recovery .
we are now on ping ! add us!! ! please :)
riley attacked private citizens--graduate students--who never offered themselves up for her critique . walker , not so much .
#ff #followfriday rt : does making twitter jokes qualify me as a member of the press ? i say yes .
welcomes jennifer gelber to the advisory board !
haha . gotta love the dogs ! it's always so much fun at the shows- isn't it ?
a case of spotted cow all to yourself ? join us at saturday night for your chance to win it & other gr8 wisco raffle prizes !
#raw10 dancing w/ a woman n her tits fell out of her blouse . i was aroused n embarressed @ the same time . i need dr . phil !
never buy from ' s online website . it won't go through & there will be a hold on your bank acct for 5 days ! & my coupon expires in 2 !
just received a text : " let's move to new york , it's now legal to view child porn online! "
thx gary for shoutout/support of kikscore . was actually just telling yesterday have not seen you in long time .
the food channel is basically just porn for your stomach
ty just smirked to julie " guess it wasn't too easy for ' em huh ? "
happy fathers day javier !
so just used the phrase " rotflmao . " oh , and the caps won an ot game 7 . what is happening ?
money from strangers
i love you
at the crib working . . not going out tonight !
there's hope . rt : yay ! after much persistence , i was able to buy tickets online .
i just finished steve cash's the meq .
really hoping to get to 90% today . who will put us over the top ?
back and forth betw poetry and graphic design . one day i'll be able to do both at the same time and make money too .
lovely to meet you this weekend !
good morning lil cousin . . love you rt : goodmorning favorite cousin
darling , dont lie to me<3
#terrificthursday have a kick ass day sexy logan :)
rt wordswordswords : just heard my grandma cuss for the first time #shockingwordswordswords . noni cussed ? ! wtf did she say ? hahaha
the apps for the army session is about to begin . standing room only .
wow , that is disappointing ! we need to keep these one of a kind places around !
go steelers ? i guess ?
what are you doing to connect with your coworkers ? #leadership build #rapport with your colleagues ! an essential
hope everyone enjoyed st . patrick's yesterday :)
with my girl gloria for the next two hours
i keep losing followers
please notice me!!! ! 9
money over problem.wordswords
at 00:06 in justins new viddy , i love the look on his face . he looks fierce .
haven't talked to in a while
so my 2 yr old accidentally gave me a fat lip yesterday . i bent down to kiss him on his head and he jumped up . ouchie !
looks solid . thanks for the intro !
looks like the show tonight has been cancelled . sorry , everyone . we're working on a make-up date , so hang tight !
i greatly appreciate the rt !
wrapping up our april music issue ! so many great musicians here and not enough space in the mag . good problem to have !
glad to hear the tough stuff went okay . du schaffst es .
lol! ! your new keek is so funny to me ;) . . i don't even know why . . haha . you could be like the girl with funny talent ! hehe
#favoriteclothingbrand l.a.m.b . wordswordswords
last night i saw you in my dreams , now i can't wait to go to sleep.#ripma !
i'm having dreams that i'm tying to be killed and i blame it on the walking dead and . . . that book is messing with me
don't act like you didn't see this coming.( : hahah .
i wish i was working , because then i would have money for stuff lol .
lol katy perry . .you know where i work . .well is a privilege to get to tuck me in wink wink
i'm sitting here like , " what the hell ? " why ? cause in hungry . i gotta get somethin to eat .
ive just voted 4 you . i believe you will win . i have hope =)
i'm hearing ya let's go
congrats and kendra on arrival of
finally . .bobby v will announce the back-end of the rotation tomorrow . what combination of aceves , bard and doubront do you think it will be ?
i love mad magazines ! lol
hey , doesn't look like xm's sexiest producer ?
actually he wasn't too shabby ;)
thanks for the #ff recommendation ! i appreciate it .
for the first time in my life i will be attending an orioles game where they're the best team in baseball .
haha ! thanks so much ! i love riding my bicycle . . . on pace to hit 6-7000 miles this year ! woooooot !
new johnny rockette stuff is sounding insane
it probably isn't intentionally lying . ..just seeing the situation through rose-colored glasses
wait , do you work tomorrow ?
i knew it !
but i am interested in what you found while rummaging . ..does it have ears , i've always been curious
he's making me suffer . ..lol
i is exhausted!! ! so many pwesents so little time . i too pooped to poop .
thank you brandon league . i didn't want that win from king felix .
the fact i couldn't go to ' s middle east show yesterday << that's equivalent to blasphemy . lol is it may 31st yet ? i need it to be
" : shanty lo! ! and wtf happened to you ? " /u was suppose to call me this mornin! ! in the beginnin i need motivation
forever feeling unappreciated
singer says inspiration from all corners of life as chats with her at last nights glam
i never cry and i just like bawled and i made it ? im like idek ?
i wish you could block some tt's from appearing on your tl .
acos can exchange any data needed internally for informatics , but must be able to send basic data outside aco
yes we will ! veggie subs on hand . :)
yea that's right . i was too lazy to write oconomowoc so i put mke . i still can't believe that's a serious business name
chilling stuck on this track but still working on my mixtape hmu -kaesmoove
good ol ' cube !
#in hi
one of my favorite tracks of all time bro . good pick
when that one person won't text you <<
thanks for the #ff g ! glad you made it out
sh.t like that
yeah or you could take the wr early and have him be a bust right away . ask detroit , or oakland that .
yes , al latta was there in all his toupeed resplendence .
- on the other hand . . . great movie weather , right ? cc
rt : all assessment in education should be active- helping to answer/suggest " what's next" . otherwise it is useless
yes ! i'm so sorry . crazy busy lately . i'm around more next week . i'll call or drop by next week !
the electoral college ?
follow he is amazing <3
proud to announce that is now a twitter affiliate ! !
i hate summer homework !
anyone from chicago at fantabuloso ?
alright . ..steelers - broncos --- logic speaks to pittsburgh but stranger things happen . pitt 24 - denver 13 . you say what ?
wordswordswords : trumans was live ! wordswordswords #teamon1 all day
the texas house members are rick perry's zombie voodoo dolls this session . the rs , including you aaron pena , can only say " yes master " . . .
shoot , hope that accidental two-hour nap doesn't keep me up tonight !
you would ! just for that , go tigers ! ;)
you need a freelance #designer / #illustrator / #collab ? --
come out to our show on the 16th at showbox market ! we have tickets for $10 if you are interested !
today is gonna be a wonderful day !
what's the best way to make sure that what your cooking is sterile while camping ?
breathe deeply
interesting conclusion by jim downs about reenactment , race , and who gets remembered as war dead . hint : not (former) slaves .
best way to ship shoes ? ideas ? suggestions ?
thanks pat :)
have you made sure you are following and have " liked " us on facebook ? you could win a leather cuff as seen on style blogger !
bought it at dicks nice try though
u forgot to forward me your mp3 email adress where i send precise drop to .
nice . u wanna flash for me now ? ( ;
and husband . ..rt : i want megan's entire wardrobe . and makeup artist . and apartment .
i'm trynna get into sumthing wet
what's your road to #happiness ?
thanks for following !
thank you we wish you many great years to come !
i was literally loling . how do they even end up on the show like wut . & if you say a pick up line you should just get out of town
that roast beef sandwichwordswordswords i think the phrase is ' nom , nom , nom' . /cc
going to live and breathe #socialmedia in the near future . needless to say , i'm a tad excited . 17 days til graduation !
can't wait to go back to school this fall ima be the next cake boss lol
ok , dammit , we are doing it and there will be a space shuttle involved . maybe even dinner out just to say we did .
what a productive day of real estate ! showed the most beautiful condos on the ocean today
album of the year - faith no more
well that's all folks!! ! another year has come and gone . it was full of stress and headaches but it will all be worth it in the end
darrell issa : dumb as a bag of hammers , will lead house oversight committee . like howdy doody leading nasa .
[finger in a circular motion]
lmfao yeah . wow & damn ! !
to the gym i go .
getting close to 400 followers ! help me get there before #halloween !
i lost my train of thought . but whatever it was , i was excited about it .
what time is the tasting ?
can't dm you for some reason , but it went well ! we're featuring timely content - many more opportunities coming up ! :)
nothing to do tonight ? come down to ryan braun's and show support for the fresh coast classic , starts at 6pm ! see you there !
having denny's with mi madre and mi abuela
first one at home since opening day , also against the marlins . pretty sure that is correct .
pbi will be there . are you going ? great attendance in the past few years .
my life is as only good as the beliefs as i have in my life .
don't tell me his friend is conner lol
the trouble with ignorance is that it picks up confidence as it goes along .
im too glad to be off work . its been one long ass day .
later twitter , time to hit the hay .
yeah , i wouldn't make it in .
thanks for the gr8 monday everyone ! .
thanks for the rt . much appreciated
great new photo !
help trend austin carter mahone!!! ! :)
on may 19th 5-9pm there is a fundraiser celebration with the league for people with disabilities at the visionary arts museum !
no problem
between the alcohol and lack of sleep i think vegas drivers are some of the worst around . . . . . . . the rains not help matters any .
that dorito taco makes me want to simultaneously throw-up/die/weep for humanity . . . seriously . . . ew
wordswordswords . its coll if u no follow me ,istill lovee u very very very muchh wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
its so funny watching parental control because they're all horrible actors
preparing for bjork show by trying to channel the emotional music of a heartbroken tree with hopes and dreams in the icelandic forest .
good morning farm friends . ..come by today and say hi to your fellow farmers ! our strain of the day is super silver berry !
its ok not to be ok sometimes its hard to follow your heart , tears dont mean you're losing , everybodys bruising just be true to who you are*
don't forget to share your #fridayreads everyone ! this is my favorite day of the week , i love seeing what other people are reading .
what do you as a library intern ? must admit , working at a library sounds like great fun !
intuitive surgical - aggressive growth - nasdaq
it's what i'm here for to make corrections on usa women's soccer moments that happened when coolio was no . 1 on the charts .
19th street band is live , the beer is flowing,the first face is clean-shaven ! thanks to for the sweeney todd barber !
i hope ! i barely remember them ! !
i'm mixed , although , i have been looking for 1 more ios notification on my device . tie in some open graph = yum
saw the new nike dallas cowboys jerseys at work tonight . . . they're pretty sick
happy monday!! ! !
i'm just going to wallow in my sickness . i hate the mucus in my throat , worst taste ever ! wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
i'm off :d
jobs are askin 4 pics now , i didn't know i had to look the part to sell coffee or italian food . . . job hunting sucks!! ! !
we're planning a wrestling themed patcast . want to hear a certain wrestling theme song on the show ? let us know !
haha , thanks . i totally feel you on the not hungry thing . it was too hot to eat when i got up this morning , so i had fruit .
new referral program ! if you tell a friend that books me as their wedding photographer , you receive a free 11x14 wall portrait or 4 8x10s .
i do not like pop-punk . at all .
when is this going down ?
if you pre-order your limited edition print today or friday and request a specific # . we can deliver to you at sat . game !
third overtime
my room smells like raid bug spray
thank you! ! !
you're in canada stay out of american politics . go back to watching mr dressup
hope your day turned out good for you ! :-)
q6 : remove cars/trucks ability to pass you at any speed and any distance .
good morning fellow twits . ( ; here's a great #ff & new followers shoutout-
when you tell a friend of mine you don't like me they will respond and say she don't care !
albuquerque youth symphony program will hold its annual playathon at cottonwood mall , 10,000 coors bypass nw wordswordswords center court wordswordswords on saturday
that is awesome !
me me me me me !
i know ! he never wrote me back though :)
you're watching sponge bob too ? !
i swear is on fire today , what am i 18 again ?
rt if you are late for everything ! don't be late anymore , be on time and in style with slap watches !
whoo hoo ! all day date with the same really nice guy ! omg ! omg omg !
don't forget to visit the exhibit is you're at the association for asian american studies this week !
would f . scott fitzgerald be considered a " good blogger . " does the teaching of writing change when ss are taught to blog ?
i was in computer science and was an it practitioner but have had a life long interest in antiquity and religious studies .
i cant fall asleep at night . and then i cant wake up in the morning
only 5bucks ! and if you're a pisces its free
rev theory concert tonight!!! ! can't wait!!! ! !
happy friday y'all . . . .muah! ! !
#apple earnings and #bernanke comments lift u.s . stocks . #dow adds 88 points . #nasdaq gains 2.3% , s&p rises 1.4%
lol what have you narrowed it down too ?
i hope this isn't spurred by spending your day in madison wi . . .
almost done with my hair :*
come on lakers . . do your thing
sleep sounds so much better than homework right now . . . too bad i'm still going to do it . ugh , sometimes being a perfectionist sucks .
come on down to liberty (formerly zucotti) park ! we're playing some great films !
you could . ..believe me haha . he tried to say he has kids my age hes wise lol . congrats hes a dad , doesnt mean he knows wtf hes
hey lady i briefly saw your text the other day and then my phone broke . i don't have your number , text me again ! !
we had an amazing opening night at the aff ! join us tomorrow for " rhythmic uprising, " " new low, " " air doll, " and " blondes in the jungle . "
mane , you know that's up fam ! lol
zoe deschanel holding court at bloomberg party
samba anyone ? j.r . martinez confirmed for #ala12's closing general session on 6/26 at 9:30 am !
sounds like a great opportunity for some lucky person ! the job probably comes with awesome co-workers , i'm sure .
i have been forced to change my position on certain things lately . gotta love assumption-shattering-narrative-architecture .
some schools don&#39;t let kids carry asthma inhalers
i can't wait! ! !
wordswordswordshave patience with all things , but chiefly have patience with yourself . do not lose courage in considering your own imperfections
my shopping list includes : pocket squares and a tie bar for sure !
thanks natalie for following us back . what are you looking to do with your degree ?
is this what the world has come to ?
" : i don't see any support on my time line sk street king put in your tweets or i'm not reading or retweeting."you donwordswordswordst need the #$$
time for my favorite game . . . that's what she said tweets . let me see what you got & don't take too long . that's what she said hur hur
my throat kills . ugh . wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
good luck even thoe u and the boys dont need it
you got that right , coach ! ;) wordswordswords : a few coaches make millions . many don't.wordswordswords
what a great day !
entin : troubled by class becoming metaphorical . it may not be an organic identity but acts and feels like it is . yes .
lol ! rt : it's true . human contact is so over-rated .
i wonder if it was a guy i know from pgh beer meetup ? during tasting @ a local brewery , he asked " are there hops in this ? " *sigh*
i click on links and get only blank pages . any tips ?
we mostly agree . law did nothing to stop 4 years of regular pot smoking . in one moment , holy spirit purged my whole being .
dear newt . . why dont you remind ppl how you had the most ethical violation of any congressional member ever
well thats good ! !
well , it seems to me that it would be off to bed , tweet me some time people , and i promise i will tweet back !
aw did the cute fish in your dorm die ? <\3
come get your ' late night snack on ' at w/ !
ah ! where at ? i'm so excited for you !
learn all sorts of safety training with safetyskills ! online training simplified .
i read delirium could be made a movie , do you know if there might be an open casting call ? would love to audition at some point
gainesville man wins cadillac cts coupe in georgia lottery
rt : took 3 boxes of books to trade at guy spent some time sorting through them , looked up at me , said " tv . . .
sushi is my drug! ! !
construction and demolition . ..right up my alley! ! these guys are teddy bears !
diamonds are a girl's best-friendwordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
its too bad you dont remember me
in great talk about component based games with
definitely gave an amazing performance in #theavengers . he was devious in all the right ways . bravo sir !
tweet tweet
here is something we are in desperate need to borrow . 5 ft metal t posts . we need about 25 . any help out there ?
#sbs got mad love for
shoutout to all the good fathers , middle finger to the ones who were never there for their kids .
got 1 and a half out of 20 on my math hw cuz i didn't show my work even though i got them al right . . its kin mental math . k off
first take have it all

oh ! sure , shoot .
thx for letting us know , dion !
i'm currently seeking 10 aspiring entrepreneurs who want to improve their game by working with me 1-on-1 . are you in ?
always love #ncmewebinar , especially this one on #diversity with of ! , we have new ways to use #linkedin ! !
you still can be . hes making a #comeback soon . life just got really hectic
either one they kinda look alike
we had an awesome time hanging on the patio this weekend ! wish we had a rhumbar in mke !
who u playing for
daniel moses of collegiate academy is friendship public charter schools 2012 teacher of the year .
would you rather have it any different ?
too bad it's not verizon ! !
flyers have zero heart , what a horrible effort from coburn and simmonds who had brutal games . series is over . simmonds is a bum
i got my whole weekend booked
great interview with on
man that looks so good !!! ! save me one
i can relate! ! !
" god is no respecter of persons : but in every nation he that feareth him , and worketh righteousness , is accepted with him."~acts 10:34-35
game for mother's day ! who needs brunch ? beer and hotdogs is where it's at !
sign up that contestant ! half court shot !
hahaha whatever . i love them all
brewers or you're disowned forever
who ran it ? any video of it anywhere ?
that was laught out loud funny . ew ! !
kick his ass to the #curb ! lol
classic caesar sauce hits the spot !
can have my babies be is so fine wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
i was hacked . . . sorry , followers . and it appears several peeps i follow were also hacked . time to change passwords .
you should follow and they both good friends and will follow you back and there when you need em ;)
lol pardon me . i forgot to switch the message type . :p
welcome 2012 ! we're working on neat stuff today : emmens preserve , summergrove , fc mobile scheduling and . . . .stay tuned !
t-4 hours until we are live for faculty & staff on #office365 email .
i judge my personal state of being by weather or not i survive a zombie attack . " i would totally not survive a zombie attack today "
- um . . . . . heck yes ! i'm always up for the challenge ! pick your dvd of choice lil lady!! ! :)
of course they're showing a race wordswordswords but 10 wordswords 10 seconds , 10 showcased sights , might have been worth a thousand tourists next year .
yeah , crazy huh ? makes the week go by fast when i get to try different things .
my body is glistening right now
in a separate court case , wisconsin's voter id bill is found unconstitutional . ..again !
i feel irritable and overly aggressive if i don"t have french fries and cookies . . .
i would love to see what me and ne-yo could come up with in the studio . this guy is dope !
gay tweet . " : past few days have been crazy #seattleweather "
why did you use the studio vocals for the mtt video ? their live voices are perfectly fine , if not better .
upstairs downstairs on kzsu stanford at 9pm tonight ! check it out! ! !
the very end of 2nd street ?
to json , sure . i was thinking of building the tables of an rdbms .
parcells not likely to head to n.o . confirmation on that is pending .
steelers!! ! i love woodley . :-)
*on the phone with mom* friend,"pull your pants up alex!!! " everytime . .
did we mention the allman brothers band and lynyrd skynyrd are coming friday , august 3rd ? aw hell !
time to mop the floors !
t-minus 13 hours and counting - miles on the trane
so much for always being there for me .
rt : #iste is looking for an educator to write an article for l&l about #kindle fire apps . pls rt and reply if interested .
i'm really wishing i had used pinterest , prezi or anything but powerpoint . but it's done now .
construction vehicles outside my office window - i think i enjoy watching them as much as my kids do .
one crazy summer = one awesome movie
yeah , but i am not convinced that a high klout score means i am worth the extra effort .
great matchup . let's go
to the guy in the car infron of me . . . . you sure as hell know how to spit out a hoker . . . (however you spell it)
can't sleep
is it true about your commitment ?
is the only mf i'm in thee mood to talk to rii now .
jeff fisher is the most overrated hc in nfl history
<= has talent , great voice , &no im not a groupie . just a lover of music . *waving* nite
buzz over golden globe swag is at dnaimprints.com
what an honor . ..and what fun !
i can taste
looking at the " thompson house " ad in the new citybeat just made me puke in my mouth a bit . show tune tuesday ? newport is branson now ? yuck !
are u making a run to the store ? how will u survive the day with no
looks really cool . i'd like to see it replicated all over the country !
get up and get your grind in gear ! !
chicago day trip with the fam . . .
this is the best #pcardorientation i've ever not attended .
i'm going to have a heart attack !
private event @ the convention center (hotel w/o hotel) went great & ghetto blaster tore it up !
fun fact : if a mosquito is biting you , and you flex that muscle , it will explode .
jacob i have something to ask u
interesting . . . . is working on their first graphic novel . i'll keep an eye out for when it's done or posted as a webcomic .
yikeszzz as usual .
awe my boo boo :) rt : right here
fresh to death 2nd edition coming son and it goes so so so hard ! :) putting a preview up later !
haha " spice up " and " jewelmint " what a contradictory ad . xd
shout out 2 spliff wayne and the firestation fam for holding me down ! !
if anyone has trouble finding the key to my heart , i keep an extra set under the stones in my kidney .
going to a play with my little sister this better be good :)
same ! rt i haven't stopped listening to
omg . . . :x #madkudos2u mt : tomorrow i am volunteering as a chaperone for the 1st time . going to carowinds w/ 300 7th graders .
unfortunately i don't be in sf at the end of the month - enjoy though ! we will have to continue to connect online .
thanks , guys !
the most hipstorific mofo ever just came into this waiting room
your welcome ! was your mom there ?
" you can buy education , but you can't buy class . "
realest of talk rt once i got on some official album ish with thank-yous i'm bout to thank linda garton . real talk .
posters all over south austin car repair joints yesterday . huge props to the gearheads putting them up !
if you think you can simply press rewind , you must be out of your mind , son .
very proud of the skins for playing so well so far .
damn it ! i meant natanya
where at ! ?
intuition leads , data guides , focus wins . future . past . present .
tomorrow is the beginning of the end ! i'm so happy !
losing the forest for the trees .
join my new cover band : we'll do the music to " shreds " videos verbatim . who's in ?
in love with the song beautiful disaster wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
when i put my phone light on you lol
wisdom is to the soul what health is to the body .
can't wait till tomorrow ! !
london - control yourself
this shouldnt be funny , but it is so funny .
william lloyd garrison~ i am in earnest--i will not equivocate--i will not excuse--i will not retreat a single inch--and i will be heard .
just announced . . . . michael jackson the immortal tour by cirque du soleil on may 25 . tickets on sale this friday at noon !
husbands : your role is totally sacrifical bruh/see what jesus did in the crucifiction and then mimic much
lidstrom said him and holmstrom have not talked about retiring . he would not say if he thought homer would call it quits .
thank you ! be sure to follow our fb pages and esy blog ! pinterest account coming soon . . .
by the way , , i had to fall back to 1.4.1 so that neatline .1 would function , for some reason , might know more
music between acts at outdoor concert keeps getting interrupted by a *ping* because the iphone they're playing from keeps receiving texts .
did that really just happen though ?
getting a cuthair
we are running drum circles in africa and wash , dc follow us on facebook,drumming an end to poverty .
i don't have an attitude problem . you have a perception problem .
get your mac on xp lmfao . oh how i love justisss .
we're writing about the city of milwaukee's plans for the 30th st . industrial corridor this sunday in our crossroads section .
well folks we are going to be wrapping it up . hope you enjoyed the grown & sexy slow mix .
tmw is today! ! can you pleeaaassseee tell us the deta
sometimes but not nearly as much as i used to .
who do you like more this weekend at te - pettigrew , keller or finley (if he plays ? ) . thanks for your help !
whitney houston what's bobby brown going to do now . . . . .
you had to set an alarm to make sure you woke up by 4pm ? you must be doing something right .
lactantius~ where fear is present wisdom cannot be .
vogelsong agrees , walks him on a 3-2 pitch ; the problem there is now ryan's gotta deal with troy tulowitzki
nice pick ! i saw heart in concert with journey & foreigner last summer made it to my top concerts list .
i love little visits <3
" a crush is a crush " music video has been added to music choice's video on demand , so have our friends in check them out .
lol rt @ starbucks beverly hills you can come if u want
leading up to ride day will be a celebrity poker tournament and the motorcycle riders foundation national convention .
thanks for the rt ! <3 and happy new year !
i live for spicy food .
favorite line in clannad : negi's dad : you act like we got an ass full of porn magazines back here . but we don't . xd
i just did ! give me that neck !
#cv public safety subcommittee meeting coming up wed . at 6 pm at norman park sr . center . agenda : police staffing ; banning ' spice ' drugs
is in the office . . . on a sunday ? on mother's day ? hell yeah . . . now where is everyone else ?
reentry anonymous : ex-offender reentry education , information , and support . 12 step recovery from criminal addiction .
i still shelve books from time to time . weed as you go , bro . that's how collection dev . happens . <3
i'm doing the same search . i want to make a small composter for under the kitchen sink , but every place sells like 500 worms
following 1991 people :)
had an awesome #flirtygirl fitness class at tonight ! join me for the next class this saturday , dec 11 @ 10:30
shout out to
need some kush
remember to tweet your favorite inkd business card to win a set of your own!! ! contest ends tonight ! !
uggggg , needs a date to #rpprom , who wants to go with me ? ! ?
i must i must increase my bust -amy
the only way we'll ever stand is on our knees with lifted hands .
nice presentation bruce , thanks !
welcome its true;+)
try more , failure is only an illusion .
i have been waiting all quarter for this tweet . i have class with ted nelson today! ! hopefully he will sign my copy of possiplex :)
i'm at a conference , there was a talk on fonts . i'm a nerd .
too early to get excited about pitt . steelers were 6-2 and super bowl bound at one point this year . . .
hate was so 2008 brah , for real , let's get up soon
i would follow but i'm on follow limit ! we have to get more followers first , then we can start following again . .
now this makes a little more sense
rt if you want thursday to come here right now . we all miss #tvd . let the vampire diaries crew be able to see that we miss them a lot .
loved meeting , the co-founder of i bought greeting cards made of elephant poo . exactly what i needed most . :)
i love ' s dress! ! so gorgeous ! !
like what . . . ?
that dr must of put her hand up my va-jay-jay and presses on my tummy like 5 times
#ff my bro
you think that it is over , when did it ever begin ?
i'm blazin ' ;d
the sooner you fall behind the more time you'll have to catch up .
maybe in a se-se-second
i am a packers fan , but you and the saints are a phenomenal team , and you are a class act ! thank you for being you !
haha you are welcome!( : you seem like a good guy !
pinterest is now #3 . that was fast .
rt didn't even come hoop wit us smh . .work
do you have a sakura dragon ? you could try that with a fog dragon , too . :) this game takes a log of patience , i've noticed .
i swear ! and that run . . #omg never again
wordswordswords : who wants to be my valentine ;)wordswordswords right here , yeah buddy !
cancer sucks . :(
i take comfort in the fact that i have stolen your crown
i'm a deleter nice to be here
finding tons of flaws in a person and not accepting them for their flaws will lead to it not working . accept a person for who they are .
hello and you're welcome !
lol yeah erik looks like a little kid in that picture .
you're imperfections are what make you perfect .
i have told all my friends to follow :))
agreed - can't wait to see what they offer .
shine the spotlight on you and your stupid ideas :)
lunch , & a couple more hours . . . .
holding back on acad-nas backup till other problems clear up
although this still is baffling to me , i do love a complement that refers to being " perfect" . . . #i'lltakeit
i got to get to work . it's over son . it's over
looking for #legal #records #clerks with #legalkey experience in boston , do you know anyone with that background ?
it's not all selenators . lovatics do it too . it's never all of anyone though .
thats exactly the idea :)
right on ! thanks for the heads up . i don't do yogurt really but maybe it's time to start
baha ! tom hanks channeled yauch for the 1st line . then it fell apart . . .
robert and whatshisface are being mean .
thanks for the meeting about we will be in touch .
rt thanks for taking a needed step to reduce overuse of #antibiotics in food animals , more work remains .
we're here to keep you updated about volunteering in the community of bloomington! ! please help spread the word! ! rt
for as much trouble as the language has given me , somethings are never #lostintranslation :
parallel parking is a one man job . your friend can only spot you if there is less than 6 " total clearance . front and back .
is a bomb considered " live " ? i didn't think so .
it's even worse in person omg . whatevss . . .
nothing better than a white girl that can shake her ass
i know it's hard to believe , but there was a time when dennis miller was actually funny . and smart . #proofofalienabduction ?
oh no ! finals ? said hes gone for the next 2 weekends :( well hafta get em first weekend in june !
residual income for stay at home moms ! best and first business of it's kind . no risk , not mlm ! give info 4 phone interview 360-217-7967
deligful pastries has added new menu items ! check out their new chocolate jam bars and cayenne brownies .
boss rt : getting interviewed by an then tweeting with multiple ambassadors sums up a pretty cool day
a lot of wordswordswordslastswordswordswords today . iwordswordswordsm really feeling like itwordswordswordss the end . still all sweet , no bitter .
old frames just not cutting it anymore ? it might be time to come check out our spring fling clearance sale ! !
i want it to be tomorrow morning so i can be back at the gym :-)
john john shane frankie and i
i want more betty !
it was great . .
yeah , you should stick with marine biology . . . .
seen on madison ave : middle age woman texting while riding a bike in traffic , not wearing a helmet .
i think so .
that'd make sense .
nciv is looking forward to hosting to get to know our office suite neighbors & partners in #citizendiplomacy !
omaha bound- be there in 3 hours .
for the sake of portraiture , procedural evidence , and mapping
beautiful tribute to #whitneyhouston on the
#brio at easton in cols . , oh did it again ! i always say i will ever return . this time i mean it ! #poorcustomerservice and no real resolution
if you ever see me in line anywhere , do yourself a favor & don't get behind me cause i pick the worst lanes everytime!!! ! !
david russell~ the hardest thing in life is to know which bridge to cross and which to burn .
damali is a wonderul stylist who specializes in extensions and varies textures of hair . book your next hair service now , (813) 910-2770
what time is her party
feels like it merged with rap in a way
potus at barnard : " don't just get involved . fight for your seat at the table . better yet , fight for your seat at the head of the table . "
you mean the whole album went into itunes as one song ? or you can only open one song ?
bed time . gotta be up tomorrow for my graduation why does it have to first in the early morning ?
at the end of your day , are you really happy with what you've done with that day that you can't get back ?
who is this craig james gentleman , and why does he have two first names ?
how much would he charged . . on a nother note kevin needs to get laid
dating can be torture sometimes .
this louisiana girl is overjoyed that the saints won the super bowl tonight . way to go saints !
aww thx ! great seeing you as always - i got home and passed out after that seriously long walk home lol . i cant feel my legs
yo mom is the best dude! ! n i would love 2 cum over cause ma dad is not cooking nothing jasmine going 2 her moms for xmas
#randomthoughtoftheday if a person yearns for their friend but the other doesn't reciprocate , can the friendship still last or is it screwed
lincecum= that long haired guy in the movie dazed and confused .
what was the verdict on the sandwich
the only thing that ultimately matters is to eat an ice-cream cone , play a slide trombone , plant a small tree , good god , now you're free
the only thing i'll be stealing in my lifetime is austin's last name .
family first . momz ? first first . lo siento
that's a major miracle . too bad you don't have a ups driver like we do ! ;)
outstanding ! thanks , everyone ! we'll spread the word .
you leave my jerusalem cruisers alone ! rt : jesus sandles have never been cool . not for over 2000 years .
time to turn the clocks back . hope i can remember what i did for the past hour , for continuity , since i'll need to repeat it .
thanks for the rt ! you drinking shakeology ?
rt : no 1 is expected 2 get along w/ everyone . ppl r difft 4 a reason . but we shld all respect 1 another & r differences .
jsmc announces new , continued classes for may - surfky news
#wcphilly how to promote your blog posts : make sure your comment is actually relevant , and add the post specific url to the url field .
might hop on and head down to the wh after this speech is over . .
yeah hopefully !
it . is . pouring .
big win for the depaul blue demons today over pitt ! nice job , #dpubb . looking even more forward to a big #iubb win today now .
sunday morning ? i'm usually out cold on that day & time
the progress i made this week took me off guard ; lesson : the microscopic steps forward do matter even if it seems like they don't
m snickers !
sb 576 , charter school accountability and expansion , passes senate fiscal oversight 3-0 . it is now able to be finally passed by senate .
if you were asked about " application of metadata to the virtual world " & you scan books for a living what would you think it meant ?
congratulations to my bro , scott ware , for making the final roster for the mountain lions . kick some ass man !
haha i assumed ketchup was just a consequence rather than a cause #kidsphilosophy :]
again bad call rt not sure about that , porter looked 2 b in act of tackling on his way out of bounds . stupid penalty regardless
it's such a wonderful thing that people can't read my mind . . .
i can't believe i'm getting emotional over a required class book wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
ok , sounds like a plan .
a good day turned bad
alright , but to be honest i'm tweeting from my phone so i don't know who you are .
it's easy to recite a program's record over a conveniently selected amount of seasons .
ayers : " we should avoid chasing shiny digital objects and have larger projects worth doing for reasons besides the new medium . "
" it's been a long time . ..we shouldn't have left you with out a good tweet 2 tweet 2 . " hey #teamfreedom were back on twitter and we missed u !
we can open just about anything you can lock . service calls start at $19.00
the guy ian that plays ezra in pretty little liars is so friggen cute <3 can't wait for pll to come back onn !
what is this . . . ? mickey mouse club ?
attention chicago tribune employees : the cafeteria is out of coffee , so they just sold me a large americano for $1 . happy valentine's day
it's the camera angle . didn't have time to take another 1 . . . but him & dan are both the same height . seen then 2gether
how did you do that prince ? ) :
i ate every calorie i encountered today , and a few i had to go out of my way to find . only two more days left . . .
good morning twittheads !
he's human after all .
have a good day
focus group this wednesday . looking for males and females 18-30 who own a cellphone . group lasts 1 1/2 hours and pays $85 .
sure! ! what would u like
we just picked up a fish tales . " rock the boat "
enjoying working at the celebrity fashion show ! go dallas best !
what took me so long to find on twitter ? i guess it's never too late to jump on the bandwagon
i honestly don't know how i bag groceries for seven hours a day
i just got done doing that lol
#pens power play sets up for 30-second intervals for the one perfect shot & that shot usually ends up not even going on net .
have a great gig !
come on wisconsin , what's with this weather ? can we just have sunny , 80's and the brewers ?
midday monday : welfare reform to food stamp nation , w/ jason deparle & michael reisch , um school of social work
its my birthday !
interviews this morning with and then wood & steel !
is going to drink that wine before the end of this pitch . did you see the look in his eyes ? !
howd driving go ?
" to acquire knowledge one must study , sometimes to acquire wisdom one must observe "
- can you dm me or send me an email address ? wanted to keep you in the loop on arnette & others . craig w has my email too .
why did u have to unprotect ur tweets , just to follow me & accept my follow ? thank u for following patrick too ! :-))
if you #standwithwalker you stand for the deepest education cuts in our state's history and the worst in the nation last year
thanks for the weston fitness rt the other day . :) much appreciated .
the axis of the music world rotates and spins from whitney and bobby's cre8tion . .stay strong and bring forth the nxt gene8tion !
one year ago today , the wisconsin 14 left for illinois . lena c . taylor wrote " brb " on her facebook page .
love the swept away : dust , ashes , and dirt exhibit at mad in cols circle ! the john dingilian pieces are amazing
i'm free when my schedule clears up .
i do:d
work first play later
what makes the perfect finding aid ? i don't think we are going to solve it today , but we're sure going to try .
staying in san diego for 4 nights for just $150 ? i'm ok with this :)
when's your next fight ?
and the reporter essentially just asked if dead japanese people will end up on california beaches . that's downright terrifying .
i hate young moms/grls having a half naked pics on f.b./twitter etc.like common you got baby don't do that be mature . that's just not right !
dm'ed backwordswordswordsagain
mao's last dancer comes to portland today! ! www.maoslastdancer-movie.com/flash.html
a leader is one who knows the way , goes the way , and shows the way . john c . maxwell
i have to go now i have to go to a part that i dont even want to go to in a smelly car luv u
i wanna give your heart a break
i'm holding out for the 1d version . just a line across the screen .
same one bro
we've got a winner ! #okstate wins the #bedlambaseball tournament .
i need my internet tubes
rt : rt : think you can make a good taco ? sign up to compete in this years presented by . . .
hi - it was good to run into you at ! i'm off to hide in the grad dungeon .
i miss elementary where i use to bring cupcakes to my friends .
follow the best !
my neighbor's whistling is improving . 8/10 .
i hate the guilty feeling when you sleep 12 hours , and regret not getting anything accomplished . time is money !
very weird watching the cardinals without pujols
it doesnt have any flavor :( sadly i didnt get any dorito flavor outta of it
cool day on the set of an indie short film . ..i was a robot !
easy : the dark knight rises , brave (it's pixar!) , total recall , abraham lincoln : vampire hunter , amazing spiderman
" use condoms today or buy diapers tomorrow . "
in minneapolis where i'm from , and still shocked about the tornado . ..so close to where i am . . . driving through the city is crazy !
needs to hire me as his manager if what i just did works . keep an eye on your music video view counter in the next few days homie .
return of the mack .
well thanks for telling me when i was over there !
thanks ! it is best to stay off notice .
a big thanks this year to for all of her work behind the scenes to make #barcamptampa ' 11 successful !
at skool me & my friend were talking about the cutest couple . this is what happened . friend : mehh i want a boyfriend me : me too both : omg
that sounds like such a healthy and delightful dinner :p
' s laura faer on ab 2145 : we need data to ' determine what works and does not work ' on school discipline
ringin it in with tequila in austin . no place else i'd rather be . vamanos 2012
i got jumped and the ppl broke my left leg and 4 of my ribs .
upgrade ! happy 2 announce we've upped our return/exchange policy to 365 days (1 year!) from 90 days . changed your mind ? no problem friend !
you're probably just a really nice person ! :d
happy hump day!!! ! !
haha , that's funny =)
wordswordswords : much love and respect can't wait until you and finish the new recordwordswordswords<< yes , it's going to be a heater;)
anything worth having is worth working for , and you deserve to live fearless and free.wordswordswordswordswordswordsterri cole
yes , except i wanted a nap :/
yes , except the goals are different . that said , i miss mini-scale even if the food was different ( cc : )
bobro what are you saying
switch it , you look really pretty in the new pic :)
exploring the vast world of twitter . ..wow , so much all in one place !
six packs start in the kitchen
your intellect may be confused , but your emotions will never lie to you
the best 25 chapters
your work is meaningful . but if times are tough-don't lose heart . your work is not who you are . your work is only what you do .
thanks brother plenty more comin keep an eye out
movers available today after 5pm . very flexible tomorrow ! rates starting at $70/h for 2 men + truck . get your things moved with no headache !
i had the good fortune to meet #fredshuttlesworth . thank you and all who work for
thank you for rts & mentions !
that was a compelling story .
tips for buying summer camping cookware and cutlery
rotation fail win
women who #smoke have #heart attack 13 years earlier than women nonsmokers . / american heart association .
#goldencorral - never ever ever again . ever .
you look like the type of kid who likes to receive dick pics .
how can you be mad at him ! ? he is so jolly !
i have taco bell once a month . . .
[psa103:5-6]he satisfies our mouth with good things so that our youth is renewed like the eagle's+he executes righteousness+judgment for us .
#iwishthat i saw #newyearseve cuz i really want to ! !
any truth to the rumor that coach scott has declared today " opposite shooting hand day ? "
deborah eisenberg just made a cameo appearance on #gossipgirl . repeat : deborah eisenberg just made a cameo appearance on
from - " today is " international women's day . " the rest of the year is " don't challenge the patriarchy day " .
does your mom have to take you , or could someone else ?
uughh rehab tonight
did you get the new mix " the hardest hit " yet ?
i can't wait until i have money again . . . i miss shopping so much . :(
u not tough
anyone have any resources on implementing #alwayson with #sharepoint ?
haha where is this at ?
iknow , i finally got her to take it off . ,
i've had my ups and downs , but i'm happy . lexi is getting better , and taylor is still teaching hip-hop . :)
youu should totally come to relay for life friday . ( :
i'd welcome any help you can offer , and i look forward to speaking with you .
w/lethem sorted last night a series of pink floyd/kubrick correspondences : dark side = 2001 , obviously . the wall = a clockwork orange . . .
your welcome!!!! ! enjoy
ge enhances workflow in echo lab , or and cath lab with vivid e9 cardiovascular . . . - the financial
gah . i freakin hate my glasses . but i love being able to see . :)
it's very understated . i would wear it .
nope . . . .not at all . . . i feel like i'm missing out on tons of info ! any helpful tips ?
so excited my mother's day gift is here from my son's school ! !
great to see you yesterday ! travel safe !
without goals , and plans to reach them , you are like a ship that has set sail with no destination.-fitzhugh dodson
thanks so much for the invite ! can't wait to the 11/29 event !
sometimes going back to the drawing board is the way to go stay blessed ! ! !
laaaawl that is nothing , i have literally spent 8 hours doing ap homework before
are you sure you aren't overlooking a type of quality ?
rt " remember , we were born to shine . .to squeeze every ounce of creativity , inspiration and joy out every moment we live . "
good morrow , you're more than welcome .have a fine day good sir mark
congrats for an amazing rocking kick-off event for the aspire foundation in las vegas w/special guests maroon 5 .
where u at fam ? ! ?
possibility rocks rt : the ground state at the core of your being is also the ground of the universe , both are pure possibility
a kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous .
then , if we followed that up with the same record's " take the a train, " there's be dancing in the streets . and world peace .
parade starting! ! :d
celebrate small business saturday ! get a free small two-topping pizza when you buy a large austin's original ! #shoppingsmall (11/26 only)
sometimes it's good to contrast what you like with something else . it makes you appreciate it even more .
hey u how have u been ?
if you're not willing to put in the effort , don't expect it in return .
topic is interesting - could someone tweet what slavmsd stands for ? thanks
if you want to be the best . . . know the best . . . do what the best do . . and then do it better . . .
respect the gash
ok , i guess this is the only way to keep in touch . :)
awesome brother
cancel my plans for tonight . soulja boy : the movie is on netflix .
i think espn just elected b harper president .
i would ! but i don't know my twitter password and i don't know which email i used !
also , i need to fill up my gas tank .
recruiting for a litigation docket assistant for a law firm in dc . this is a direct hire opportunity ! candidates must have litigation dockewordswordswords
in case you havent heard is giving away 1000 dollar marketing packages during for month of october for only 10 bucks hit him up
thanks for sharing our blog posts !
you know it's gonna be a good day when car daddy comes on while you're getting ready .
for . real .
lovely people over there at underground lounge - had lots of fun . that said -
true ! leno held up ' s front page ' here's drew ' on hastings ' mayoral win , says he'll keep getting my times-gazette
if you have to be a certain size for your man to love you , he ain't in love with you- he's in love with a measurement .
glad i could make you smile ! !
so were part of the bicycling test team ? care to share your votes on best race and plush bike ?
i wanna bloww some o's . . .
thanks for the kind tweet , ! it was cool seeing you last night too !
which includes
can't wait !
admittedly know less about the fashion side but seems to be a parallel there .
#mistletoe monday
jason is a lil freak no , no frank dont eat louis
maybe he just saw the pick and than punched the computer screen ?
in a gentle way , you can shake the world .
? i mean . . devils are playing rangers . and you got phx vs . la . . . i don't understand the question . :-/
gonna try to sleep again . maybe when i wake up there won't be so much drama on tlist .
tried to pet the guy sitting in front of amoeba music wearing a 4ad t-shirt and eating peaches out of a plastic bag and he bit me :(
#goodreads @ the library . can it work ?
the oldest virgin in history was 105
whereas natural laws of the physical world are inherent , cultural values are tenuous and only sustained via endless , effortful repetition .
dareal_djkenzo is my nameon the ps3 hit me up on black ops
ha good one ! clearly the funniest person kara knows is
the volunteer meeting is scheduled for tonight @ 6 pm at the tubman chavez multicultural center at the corner of euclid and market
thanks for following us !
good morning,sunshines . ..:) have a nice day and a success new week wordswordswords :))
for 15 years anytime i see mr . link we flip each other off and smile .
good to know ! glad you got in .
finishing my coffee and burning a dvd then i'm going for a very long walk .
hahaha . .sure . rt : its definitely you ( :
it was good to meet of . ..even though he clowned the way i slid him my business card .
lol . ..no you are that young! . ..i remember bill hailey !
your sweet moon-beam , the smell of you in every single dream i dream .
happy mother's day to brand new , first time mommies & <3
i was messaging u in league of legends to play with you but i guess u didn't see it
is 2nd lf all text ? or is it voice chat too ?
you are very welcome ! happy travels :)
sex relieves tension - love causes it .
ohh i thought i saw him in your followerswordswordswordsstupid eyes lol jk #imnotweird ! !
#3day first stop done !
may is national smile month in the uk- smile on ! cheerio !
going my friends house in a bit :]
rt : rt 25% of online consumers said they would try a competitor if the mobile website was not working viwordswordswords . . .
staff at capitol hill arts workshop are chawsome !
baby sleeping good i bet . lol
my mom thought computers would be a fad lol . she's a dr . and was not happy when medicare made electronic medical records mandatory .
give thanks for what you learned today , for every lesson understood , is another star in the sky to guide you home .
go get one of your ace reporters on this story ! nomnomnom ! it aint ' over yet! ! !
taking in my first twitter moments . . .
if the point is sharp , and the arrow is swift , it can pierce through the dust no matter how thick .
#ideas are in limbo until you implement them . write them down but also set up a plan for next steps .
it's a brand new day and i need a brand new reason to get naked and nasty on cam ! wanna cum give it to me ? chat and watch for free !
laying down in bed , i wanna cuddle . where is my hubby ?
we always love to hear your favorite artist is at the moment !
it's been a great day but it's time to get some sleep , night night !
i love *my* #dachshund ! (chocolate and tan " mini" , kahlua.) i'd probably really , really love yours too .
" now all glory to god , who is able , through his mighty power to work within us , to accomplish infinitely more than we might ask or think . "
shout out right back atcha homie
rt : good morning , everybody . the new tmbg podcast is out today--just putting the finishing touches . . . on it . . . now !
catch savasana tonight at in raleigh nc !
dude , how do you not have a car ?
christine amanpour was the speaker . good speech . my oldest daughter now officially has a master's in landscape architecture . good times .
ha ha -- yeah , we'd love that , too ! those bands are not anywhere near our affordable range .
who is the best college qb you have seen in person ? the night game at camp with brees was quite impressive .
spanish village on almeda . i've been a regular there since birth . was there saturday for a family celebration .
thanks ! you guys rock ! :
if you are not willing to help yourself don't expect someone else to do it for you!you must take responsibility for yourself before others wordswordswords
rt : #sportsbiz #networkingtip : if you met a person & want to network , don't start by asking 4 something (job/sponsorship) .
overheard at : " it's a commune , for lack of a better word . "
keeping with the spirit of my last tweet , for the frenchies out there , we're fighting against " sopa " not " soap " - so please start using it .
been waiting a lot of years to say this again . big ten champs !
has given me my dose of inspiration for the day . oh , i love her so .
you can count on me .
idk about my actions of the past all i can do is look toward the future
the whole " go to a show thing " isnt exactly happening . . . but if i ever get to and he isnt following me yet . .( :
hey #hoosiers the whole uk team and #bbn says
follow back :)
ringer no doubt , it's a mac app .
you both , but more of a hater ( :
glad that my tweets can get you off .
ah nation loves you
i dunno call me or something negro u need the help hahaha improvise
all that we are is the result of what we have thought . the mind is everything . what we think we become . - buddha
see you in court goodell ! sincerely , and the rest of nola .
pac-12 might as well just start the season on march 7th next year .
very nice custom twitter page and great eye and laser surgeon , dr reza mozayeni
saturday , 3/24 amina figarova trio in trumpets- winard harper on drums and dean johnson on bass . shows at 8 pm and 10 pm .
what happens in vegas , stays on youtube
i hope they can make you happy
i thought it was going to but it didnt ! i was like waiting for it to hurt but it never did , even when he colored it in !
faden , author of a fairy use tale , is talking about writing with video .
no i dont want to view the photo of the day
following people on twitter (yes!) following people in real life (>.>) (<.<) (>.>)
radware collaborates with ibm to help customers achieve . . .
cell dunked in hot tub . need to reach me ? call 207 794 6652
u gone b on my team bra lol
running on one hour of sleep and the day couldn't be going by any slower .
oh , you know it . also loved dixieland delight .
i hate when people do or see or even hear things and they act like its brand new but actually it be old as hell #extralate lol
is actually useful ? always wondered , never tried it
i don't know who you talking to . ..but you preaching doc . . . .
posted up at the factory of cheesecakes . holla .
you inspire all of us , justin . thank you for a great 2011 . maybe this will be my year to meet you . ..#neversaynever right ? <3
watching mission impossible with the fam .
kez mccorvey on our campus today . says hi . good luck up north . pride & poise ! !
nick toon was the 20th receiver selected in the draft
on tonight's big bang theory episode the guys enter a costume contest ! watch with us at 6:30 to see what they dress up as !
m sleep after the longest day of travel ever !
damn i hate this weather it makes me sleepy/lazy! ! !
cant even function .
i remembered my password wa hoo i'm twitting again !
our second team (the fast one) is now doing the safety check in lake mills wi .
hey , tasty pastries . . . i get it !
i hope this mansion was in bratenhal ? !
impulse brownies smh
dog , you have me dying right now .
super cute ! you should keep these in stock forever ! lol =d
call today to schedule your bridal consultation with aubrey . it's your day to shine & our staff will make it happen . 412-854-6881 .
just found all of my twitter stuff so im going to use it .
the problem is going to be motivation . nothing motivates the #gop like fear-based social issues .
so do we have a final decision ? bri ?
any plans to ever increase your production of 30x30 pants ? the world is conspiring against me getting some gargamel's revenge .
at what point does a hater become a stalker ? get off my facebook if u gonna be mad errtime i post something ! right ?
" belief creates the actual fact . " --william james
don't support the mexican cartel , don't smoke reggie .
that's my job . you can sleep when the sun go down . plus its a court right across the street 4rm yo house . get to work .
kfc kettle chips
things i have to say : no i am not a surfer ! no i am not high ! no i am not " the situation " my hair was cool like this way before dj pauly! . . .
so what's your solution to reduce health costs buddy ? is baker for rationing care as the article you tweeted implies ?
rt to kill battery rt i'm fina put my cell phone in my pussy so i can keep my battery full . . yall be eeeezzzz . .
the single is called " down " ;)
this weekend >>>
im so proud to be called your angel,&yea you not what haters will hate but us angels and you babe , will always stay together!<33
holly bacon ! is tomorrow . we can't wait ! didn't get a ticket ? stop by the restaurant to sample what we are offering . .
ah yes - morale ! precisely why i wander around with my banjo . . .
last but certainly not the least #shoutout of the day . . . these guys rock ! happy halloween!! ! !
less twitter for lent or no twitter for lent ? couldn't you just give up dill pickles instead ?
howdy welcome back to twitter and i'm guessing you're going to be murph or connor on halloween . . .
is enjoying that good feeling that comes right after shoveling snow .
put another way , constitution doesn't compel government to act on petitions . it gives citizens right to ask .
seemingly it does , but after 6 years of world of warcraft , i just want something less grindy .
rollin thru iowa . . so many cows on hills . just passed the north skunk river . . yeeah
thanks so much! ! !
rich eisen isn't very good at his job .
yeah , that would be maddening . my profs never had tests . all our grading was based on attendance and hw .
slicing , dicing , chopping , and whipping up dinner .
4 ohio teams in the sweet 16 , things are gonna get interesting
there is no limit to what i can accomplish if i know the direction i am going and am willing to make the effort .
built new house , got our rory , new car , taught @ new school , hiked smokie mts , celebrated first yr of marriage . ..2011 = eventful .
great week in indianapolis . back to tampa in the am for tampa bay classic and symetra tour in sarasota .
edwin p . whipple~ an epigram often flashes light into regions where reason shines but dimly .
##buy cheap cutters rookie receiver 2.0 gloves | football . . .
don't coaches have ppl upstairs to help them decide whether or not to challenge ?
i've came to far to stop now . i've been through too much to back down . i'm a prisoner of hope!!:-)
in abstract : a neighborhood is a social construction , and a set of memories . in colonialism - a territorial collection .
hahahaha ! i know what they are ! haha !
you too judy- how is everything in your world ?
" scream " by usher is a highkey
its only for a few days :-) im excited about vegas for ur birthday ! yeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaa
the sky is so pretty right now . ah .
at the end of q1 bakersfield leads dakota 33-23 . . great ball movement as 7 jam players have 4 or more points
follow folloow follow follow follow follow
just got the #arkhamcity xbox batarang controller :b
tonight and every weds night we have #allyoucaneatwings 6-9 and #bartrivia starting at 7 .
" the most i can do for my friend is . . . simply to be his friend " --henry david thoreau
yeah , some were not fun to read , but good info .
we got that pma .
always glad to help out - thanks for putting together such an amazing event !
rt is a healthy marcus mcneill a better talent ? >>> yes . but as healthy as 2 years ago unrealistic . neck injuries no joke .
the cable installer just left , so i'm back up and running at the new house! ! yeah! ! !
five for #friday is back ! the first five people to retweet , repost or refer will receive free access to our #beta . only a few spaces remain !
how awesome that was born on star wars day ! per molts anys and may the 4th be with you :d
headed to tomorrow for #okratoopera conference on #southernculture . excited !
i get jealous , i get mad , i get worried , i get curious . that's only because i care . . .
also : it's hard to do a workout when you can't breathe through your nose !
my boyfriend always keeps a smile on my face ^_^
in review
yes it's the best !
hella cool people thanks for stoping by the store
#20thingsaboutme ; i'm so insecure . i feel like i'll never be pretty enoughh .
i want to do a fanfic , but i'm such a lazy person yknow . haha
thanks for the follow today . your #illustration work and #logos are really well done .
on behalf of the internet . . . .thank you for that .
i've heard rumors manda will be accompanying on the keyboard :)
dusty buns ' sandwiches rock! ! !
more excited for this than i should be .
ooh , me too ! i think imaginary girls is my #1 looking-forward-to book for next year .
thanks kevin ! let us know your fav #pdx spots for a good bite
hahaha . well duh ? me and tyson are best friends . . . . . ( ; haha
do the next right thing .
the down&up for today : down-shaved my head developed sensitive skin rash like when shaving down there,have 2 wear hat up-got a part time job
can't watch late late show , bh is sleeping . hope i can catch it on the net somewhere . sounds like fun .
to be or not to be . that is the question .
" demi is only famous for her looks . " me: " oh yeah , totally , i buy her album to listen to her face . " this !
on oracle : high system time utilization on fast machine
it's working now .
hate to count kobe out but this game is over
i don't dispute that . i'd like to hear why bo is doing it , but we may never hear that .
have the three candidates in d-7 agreed to these moderators ?
excited to be presenting this sunday in alexandria , va at conference . focusing on the power of honesty , humility,humor
not even . .i texted you back the other day
come to portland so i can meet you already . like really . all i hear from my friends is about you & the rest of pf . come . wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
i cut watch,wits did ? .
how are the #nhl la kings doing this ? spurs no doubt best in nba
thank you mommy !
come and savor the flavors of our tasty sangria tonight ! $5 glasses . ..step into latin america one glass at a time or two !
he shot under 30% from outside of 9 feet that isn't just bad .
i saw my friend , he's in my head , and he said , " you don't remember me , do you ? "
i wish my dud had a freakin car
yeah it's " niall the konkey " &he actually has four siblings . . harry,louis , liam and zayn :d
food poison
i did . ..is something supposed to happen haha
pretty girls !
my social life was terrible this year .
moved to dc
ooh . =/ but on the bright side i know you're stoked for chickenfoot :d
s/o to all the producers who keep sending me beats for my mixtape thanks for all the love . . .
in so much pain:(
wait till you wake up and check out the link i sent you
don't we have to ?
.all of a sudden everyone wants those longass nails rihanna has (-.-)
miss you already , blue birdie !
i get so easily distracted from doing my work it's ridiculous .
yeah , but night launches are pretty spectacular ! :) and there's the part about witnessing history too .
thanks for the rt :)
hooray for useful equipment ! happy weekend !
life is like playing cards .you gotta take the hand your dealt and make it a winner .
" would you ever date a fan ? " one direction " yes " me : words will be just words till you bring them to life .
in the process of piecing together a few dreams . . .
i really like scoop.it , it's easy to use and the search feature is pretty nice as well .
thanks , miriam and congratulations on the pub of your article !
there's hope for humanity ! ;-) would love to make a trip out there soon .
mary jeffers , gwu #publicdiplomacy fellow , says relationships facilitate positive economic benefits in localities .
instead of lol i put without looking love :)
put some backer in our mouths
early admittance to disneyland this morning has allowed us to do 6 rides in 2 hours !
wordswordswordsoutstanding investigative reportwordswordswords#police leave many questions unanswered and look foolishwordswordswordsgreat story i-team !
i don't serve anyone
yes ! we need to start a travelling bluegrass band or smtg . xo
watching the biggest loser ! drop those pounds baby! ! =)
won tickets to see on leno thinking it taped in nyc ! grrrr . who wants to fly me to burbank to see this woman ? !
anytime . we love the work that you do and we're just glad to help in any way that we can .
how are you ? have a great vaction and happy new year !
for every single political issue in us , citizens are asked to donate money to fight the cause . fed up with it . totally fed up with it .
trying to act like i don't care sucks . . .
going to bed . school then work tomorrow grrrr -_-
short version : you're hogging the internet ! do a crossword or something ! isn't it almost 0400 there ?
. . . go to the front desk at the hotel and ask for gerald . he is there after 5 pm tues-sat .
u were a jerk 2night on ur show 2 #michelebachman! ! little advice:if u don't like #tea party or our reps-don't ask them on ur show !
halfway through the week ! #happyhumpday folks . wednesday's always make me want to wear business shorts :)
thank you so much . i know was very lucky to have him that long and the memories are a big pillow for the pain . xox
forgetting you is no easy thing , each night for me always ends the same .
omg i just got the best news
i would literally do anything to be noticed by the boys . anything .
challenge accepted .
thanks for the rt love ! going to be joining us for our light and breezy ride ?
" listen n ' learn , speak only wen you need to be heard " [galloz] keep #grindin and be ready for the muthafuxin #takeover follow
so amped to #dj this weekend . .don't get better than what i got lined up : catch me tonight at johnnies & tomorrow
when i have a kid i'm for sure naming it xhilaration . . . . lol do you have a say in this ?
many blessings to you kim , god bless
more importantly , why is he a member of the general assembly ?
vegas was dope !
getting un-jagged . had a beerventure in vietnam and cambodia . blog forthcoming .
69.69- your so pretty girl and your really funny :)
eastlake north high boosters fundraiser is saturday
another day another dollar .
good idea ;) lol
well . it's whatever you wanna do ! :)
new tenant turned out to be a real gem . . she and her brood get my fonzie thumbs up . . aaaaayyyeeeeee ! thx housing authority !
think i'm staying clear of all the #blackfriday crowds today , they can get brutal
artists that want to get on a collab spot need to contact my man and he will definitely help u get there
if i had a rose for everytime i thought of you , i'd be walking in a garden forever.<3
we think along the same lines , you're right about him staying in wi . same as rubio in fl and christie in jersey
that sounds awful
on my way to muncie staying with some family .
costumes and trick-or-treating tomorrow ! positive tomorrows students love fall break camp , even on rainy days !
today's cooking also includes making tomorrow's pork green chili & chicken with homemade bbq sauce and marinade . yum !
n the us we only say holiday if refering to day we celebrate like birthdays,christmas , etc . . . but i am havinga goodvacation :)
thanks for the follow !
wow com down the sibling rivalry #mymomjusttaughtmethatwordwordswordswords
shillas simmons told me to follow you
not sure i'll have to do anything other than work , but do you all have any tasty food suggestions for me ?
" : officially registered for my first half marathon april 29 , now i train hard! " great job ! best of luck! ! !
the fear of pain protects us , the fear of change hurts us !
sorry to hear that . hope everything works out!!!! ! !
im not perfect ill piss u off say stupid things ,and then i will take it back ur never find find a girl that cares and loves u more than me
we are back in production the wailing , more to come soon .
let's follow 4 follow . will help support eachother ? try the site on my profile for mass free promotion .
haha blocked one against the wall
i don't care what your race is , sexual orientation , wealth , status , age , skinny or fat . if you want to be my friend . . i'll be your friend .
i agree and mine ! ! !
you know it sexy
now you want to take me to the volleyball game bc she isn't going to be there and expect me not to say anything bc u want a kiss ! get a life
whoops ! sent that originally from my personal account . :) hope you swing by the office sometime !
the next travel experience begins in two days . preparing for costa rica !
any last words ?
people grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously . this is how character is built . - eleanor roosevelt
good morning . happy easter !
thanks friend! ! much love
at the ama cause conference today , great keynote about #nonprofit storytelling this morning !
half day !
it is so awesome to direct college theatre students !
i'm filled with the nervous excitement that come with the possibility of a life changing event . no sleep till . . .
1800th tweet goes out to please hurry up . .we in da hood
you're right that people ignore spectaclewordswordswordsbut what bodies deliver content and what bodies deliver spectacle ?
adrian peterson is going to run for like 5 thousand yards next year lol
my people are the chosen people
if a person looks weird chewing gum , that's how they are gonna look forever , hurry up and dump them! ! #uselessadviceiwould'ntuse
we got 50 shot techs
man , if it weren't for the eye removal scene my elder daughter and i would be at the avengers right now . . . - dvl
i . ..am sarah phillips . sorry , just thought i'd get the spartacus meme rolling while i thought of it .
living in poverty can increase stress hormones in young children & impair blood supply to their brains , affecting language & memory skills .
wonderful . thanks for participating ! we just added 50 pts to all ppl who did survey over past few days .
u know u looking at some new ones too .
in my favorites somewhere
i don't work with any good yellers .
did not have the goggles in the preview . but now i hope one of the other contestants pokes him in the eyes .
thanks for your tech savvy tweets . can't wait for your book !
what else can i do ?
lmao i did ?
aww ! thanks! ! rt just totally obsessed with you guys . after seeing my gal/lover in lb . . . i'm was floored . fab work ! xo
responses from re policy questions on their website tie everything up in a neat bow , never address real issue . yea politics !
peter #drucker midweek idea : " there usually are more good ideas in even the stodgiest organization than can possibly be exploited . "
everyone and everything has become overrated .
you da man !
border war . ..mizzou!! ! !
aye , it is pretty awesome , but i'll be more impressed if that line holds together enough to bring it here at home !
uh no , they won't be better .
hahaha it's crazy how many ppl stared at me ! wouldn't happen in sf . . .
what kind of motorcycle do you own ? which is your favorite bike ?
check out design essentials diamonds oil sheen spray , it is an aerosol oil sheen that adds a lustrous shine to completed styles .
#curators #aamc , vote for , outstanding exhibition in 2011 . we're finalists in two categories !
new construction 2 bedroom available on broadway and 33rd street in astoria queens new york city , price $2750 .
thank you ! glad you enjoyed . check out the 2011 vault soon for something totally different 8-) .
i love when i can feel the sun like soaking in my skin .
theres so many ppl waiting . ..im so glad we didnt have to wait thanks to my cuzen she put us on the list hrs ago xd
#corporategreed executives earn higher salaries , but they also take much heavier responsibilities with higher job difficulties .
if you make f's or are an a-hole , they should not allow you a driver's license .
fat patty's is so good . .
who you have on your career and life buses are so important . so blessed to know such amazing beings .
comfort inn vancouver/portland has an oregon zoo package for $109 . book online @ www.vancouverwahotel.com includes hot breakfast too .
pitchfork . . . no longer #relevant . " : pitchfork listed superbass in the top 10 songs of the year . dead . "
today ended better than i expected wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
is the perfect way to get this foggy friday started . thanks , !
unity wishes to thank toyota and cz for this opportunity . a great opportunity to reach out to the community .
all in the session will complete an audit on their own #learning transfer practices ; we will discuss & share results
and feeling has returned to my face just in the nick of time !
#tnc10 malcolm gladwell cites his new yorker article " million dollar murray " - it's cheaper to fund mh/sa treatment than not to .
love your new " i'm fresh " tee . awesome design
i absolutely love your new ep ! cant wait for the album xx :)
now things should be calmer . this post should go out via twitter , linkedin and facebook once and then stop .
wanna stop kony ? send chuck norris . . . he'll find him and " erase " him . but then how would the folks at invisible children make a living ?
when he sings to me >>>
looking at some hunger games jokes :d
exercise 20-30/3xper week . stay away from fat & sugary foods . i can give more specifics if you email me .
i gotta c my sis fa i leave
he will win coy ! especially when they win tomorrow . signed , the dude that beats jeff in fantasy baseball each year
i dunno , man . you totally rock the red hair .
what special plans do you have for mother's day ? and a happy mother's day to all those special ladies who mean everything to us !
happy happy friday , sir . :)
don't hurt nobody at that party . ;)
thx for coming out- just finished up
webpass . . . i want you .
the sun .
i wonder how many more times the pres is gonna speak b4 th elections next year ?
i love love love this cold weather
just got back from softball opening day , which tuck hours ! . . . . . hate softball with a new team !
tonight in philly , bruce springsteen played dancing in the dark and pulled his mother on stage to dance with him . amazing .
this summer i fell down a small waterfall and landed in a baby leech nest . you're glad you werent there .
study shows fewer young adults have their drivers license in texas : 2000 82% of ages 20-24 had license in 2010 74% of ages 20-24 had license
no his eye . . . hope it gets better for the game
i'm feeling like a star . you can't stop my shine . i'm ridin ' solo
my class and art show have come and gone :) i see you've been busy too ! congratulations on the slice of life launch mamacita !
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
#tgif must be so happy this hell week is over !
just love . . .
no rt ciroc taste so much better than grey goose to me! ! !
that's always a good time why do any nba players or owners think we care about them i feel bad about the workers
absolutely ! rt - this group doesn't do pink denial ; we never have and we never will . just tell the truth .
what key advantages do you have over bit.ly ?
while grabbing a beer i picked up my fourth personal .
yes you already kno
spring brings out the crazy:)
can't get into my old account . tried for a new one , still waiting to get my blog " approved" , lol . tony might not let us come back !
haha no . fixed it faster than they could respond .
please try adding a seattle tour date ! #bring1dtoseattle 42
really ? ! ? that's so cool! ! u should if ya want ! i would !
is lol-ing that the gorgeous boy she met at starbucks is a former soap star , turned musician , and also a handyman . she loves new york ! ;)
gerard butler : surfing mishap filming ' of men and mavericks ' - just jared
why ? note that feels that published results of publicly funded research are not " another matter . "
only three more days left to save 20% on your online order ! don't forget to use promo code webluv at checkout !
if i have two accounts , and i change the new one to my old name , does everything transfer ?
i love waking up to mayday parade in the morning . <3 and my boyfriend saying " where's my chocolate ? ! " xd
make sure to give our iphone app a download ! search " bar scene " in the app store
anyone from from cmh traveling to bonnaroo tomorrow ?
me and josh got jumped
i am a lucky man
i'm not a hater but i also don't support pansies that clearly act . last year it was dwade pretending to be hurt .
openly gay guys are great , but gay guys who hate on women bc they want to be women are ridiculous . ..lol
when your hungry , but your to lazy to make food wordswordswords
don't think they do , unfortunately . when you come to chicago , consider it my treat .
this is grillmaster steve sorry about not puting the location on where ill be tonight i will be at stoneys
salsa night is almost here ! the crowd will be awesome at madrigall , come and get a vip to next wednesday's opening night at monoco !
i should start a rumor that the identity of is . ..that way he can see just what his hints are capable of ! lol
just put it on your fb wall .
#thingsthatyoushouldknow the world is so azz backwards
i did just now
did they green screen the mom into the kitchen for half her shots ?
me either
i just calculated how much money i'd need to make to retire at 65 . that was a bit of a shock .
: lol . what happened to you ?
new cat litter pan idea ~ no really . #ihaveanidea ! modern , ez , compact . #lovecats . more homes for cats .
i am proud fan and guys are the best
it doesn't show much of " the clock " but it does prove that bbc news coverage of the arts can be just as cheesy as american coverage .
very happy to have found you yesterday , we'll be back !
it really made me want to yank the teeth out of the poachers mouth .
wow ! took me forever , but thanks for the follow friday! ! hope you have a marvelous thanksgiving .
if sarah palin could see russia from her house , how hard could it be for johnston to spot a stack of trojans at the rite aid ?
yes . very right .
title 9 is one of the worst pieces of legislation ever .
" soul flower take me flying with you . "
q1 : aqua blue , cherry blossom , graphite gray , ruby red , sapphire blue and spearmint
your analysis is fire fuego flames
it would give us top 5 pick , batum , and e williams to building blocks and probley lottery pick in 2013 draft !
i'm feeling better--as is laura . we're at her maternal grandparents for dinner . still coughing a bit-but better than yesterday .
#best to
so excited about the email i just got ! taking steps toward making this real
watched first few episodes . .i like it . . the music is a bit much , but i like the premise
thanks for the follow . looking forward to taking my clothes off with you at a party sometime soon .
tired . . . .need some sleep . got a new yard project to start .
#codyis my future husband ;)
#rhoa reunion show! ! !
i'm reading all these reports that say neither la team will advance to the western conference finals . .
shout out to isaiah austin big man is during homework on the trip to adidas nations which is due once he returns home .
loving my #klout topics at the moment . new to the list ? typos ! i hope they mean that i hate them .
thank you san diego unified school district for instituting local preference hiring
@ joss live (aka this american life)
love each other or perish
have #students articulate what they are #learning each day in #class in a complete grammatically correct sentence .
#almostonemoreweek til hannah has no more friends ! wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords #sarcasm . i'm dreading the end of summer . . . . . ugh
such an amazing show today at the rock church , we were clubbin ' and partying with jesus today and it was the best party ever . : )
ah ! happy birthday!wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
hi i met you briefly at itc in feb . any way i can beam into your presentation next week ?
that's when i love you when i need you when i care about you that's when i know for a doub i can't live without you
awesome tango night at the beehive ! cool place .
thanks :d
you know , i think that ' s icon is hot ! :$ <33
i wish there was a " like " button on twitter . i don't always want to retweet , but it'd be nice to let someone know i like their witty comment
bought a new mascara , happy day for me . :) <3
sounds like later last night . . . definitely . we have down in lockbourne at a fire that happened earlier .
had a dream that i was at a thrift store and a brass and teak lamp rolled over to me like a droid . this is the droid iwordswordswordsm looking for !
ok have fun kiddo but not too much fun:p
oh me , pick me ! i am ! with possibly !
what the . ..a lobo movie is happening ? !
k good night friend aand love u let me know when is best for me to come and speak with him .
u look like kurt warner after that saints playoff game
:) rt : seriously follow and dnt unfollow -_____- dnt be dick and do it d:< #now ! #now ! #now ! (:<
modern day american christians don't consider how they can serve jesus , but how they can be served by the church .
walked into ' s party and a gent stuck his hand out : " ! " he yelled . " yes! " i should've said
is giving life back its stupid lemons and demanding chocolate !
always be classy , never be crazy .
rt : oh gawd . here come derby hat contests.// this i love .
#thankful for my keurig this morning , since my apt is about 50 degrees
i get kinda mean when im intoxicated . ..which makes it real complicated when im by myself . lol .
another successful #artjamboree under our belts - over 300 participants ! well done !
worse than paintball ?
check out young bravo at www.reverbnation.com/youngbravo1 follow pittsburgh's next big thing
are you the fine genre who sponsored this after party at slane
is anyone a flip pal affiliate ?
oh . my . god . this is ridiculous! ! rt : the only penis i need in me is the one that is growing inside of me .
so much trafficwordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
our lunchtime events have been very popular . we do have others later in the day , such as the pov doc " the learning " at 5:30 wed .
baby you should let me love you
i'm boycotting brussel sprouts till the pirates get back into .500 territory ! then again , i never did eat a lot of those things anyway . . .
my world
i learned on twitter that tacos are a euphemism for vagina i find it hard to eat one without talking dirty to it first .
the best career advice to give the young is , find out what you like doing best and get some1 to pay you for doing it . your time not theirs ! !
so . who's gonna come over here and help me pack up ? don't all jump at once .
you'll be one of first to know when we've posted the hd videos from all 3 rooms of content plus the ppts available for dl also .
so . ..is the marlins park grass just painted dirt ?
first suggestion , women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies .
i'm back holler at me . . . .
another beautiful photo :-) i need to start getting out of my office before the daylight dissapears :-)
lyon claims that identification is based on premise that you understand the other person's mind . hesford responds , " that's way beyond burke "
blaze the pain away
my nephew ryley now has a driving permit . o.m.g . . . .
thanks & drool ! it does look like just a taste . in nola next month & all ready for casamento's .
i hope some of you will be able to attend and participate in our inaugural $10k gtd event . july 9th 1pm
i'm buried , not married .
peaceful solidarity with oakland .
happy birthday
teeing it up with
if you have to resort to violence to solve a problem , then you've already lost the issue . . .
turn on the cooking chanel . . . .and diners,etc . ..is repeating the guy guy you know . . . ..from chicago . . . . . .
oh , aqualung
i just realized that i missed my wish:c
a good mentor offers directions and driving tips from the back seat . you still have to drive the car . - michael johnson
can't pay attention when there's a dream to be lived
$200 ounces , every day ! top shelf strains included !
to scan a hard copy of a doc insert it into your scanner's sheet feeder ; press the simplex or the duplex button on the scanner .
. hes strugglin , lucas wont be consistent with big minutes . rose out 11 & we lost2 in a row . its april , we will worry about may
milgauss gets my vote . green sapphire and seconds hand are unmatched .
at #genychat , we are all rock stars :)
working from brewed cafwordswords this afternoon . . . lovely day on brady street !
this 55mph on the turnpike thing is ridiculous .
been a great learning tool , especially the rationale behind why a particular agency is chosen .
as i see it column : a new journey for saugus begins on winter street
#305love all day
. . . and applied them to their various situations from the 1740s to the 1810s
bball later weather permitting ?
would you be able to find out the name of nika's band ? this dude wants to know . ..this is karen btw wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
ryan leslie is my dude ! #greatr&bmusic
nice to see ku didn't show up 2nite . bad for my bracket but good for big ten .
ya at the theater whenever taylor came everyone screamed but wen rob came no one said a word lol sry rob! ! !
yeah but it won't hurt him . this will be forgotten about really quickly . winning cures everything , and bo's win pct is good enough .
what questions will you have for from at nmdd ? tweet them in using #nmdd & get live responses on 5/19 !
thats only fair :)
did you know we're in a new place ? 714 s 4th street . the rest remains the same .
dear chicago : you couldn't be more gorgeous if you tried today .
golden mustards , purple mizunas and beet greens salads w fish fry at tonight . ..come say hi ! !
iamchicagodave thanks for following me on twitter !
about to hit the road for our event .
thank god i woke up this morning to find out that sure enough , you tweeted my ass . #sexy ,
tomorrow night is 80's night . . . going to the thrift stores tonight
baby ! get at me !
what the what ?
waiting for my grilled tempeh reuben at the msp airport .
sarcasm is a body's natural defense against stupid .
thanks for the follow ! looking forward to getting to know you better .
from one lapsed vegetarian to another , thanks for the follow !
jessmyn ward , salvage the bones
i swear this time i mean it . . wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
if i don't lose my mind in the next 7-8 days , then i can officially do anything .
alan houston still has a j
i like memphis because they play inside-out with discipline , grit , and consistency . unlike a certain , other team . . .
they must track your past browsing history . . . . only joking , but there's a report as spam button to get rid of them .
thats what im doing and keeping faith
new company,great products,financial freedom- go to suzanne.snackhealthy.com m m good and delivered to your door ! get healthy ! !
q . why do they bury lawyers twelve feet deep ? a . because deep down , they are really good guys .
nokia the world's largest windows phone smartphone vendor in q4 2011 shipped 1 million sets ; perfect time to get on marketplace ! microsoft wordswordswords
the joy of eating well and aging well ! choose colorful fruits , veggies , whole grains and lean meats to feel great inside and out .
there's a group of fing dbags outside the gates of our complex . u know when a dude is in sweatpants & no shirt shadow boxing he's a tweaker
i hate haters that hate ppl who hate haters lol
im so nervous for tomorrow . im not gonna eat .
break a leg ! book that ish yo ! !
great content/panels @ #bootstrapmd today
what's goin on with your reds bro ? ( ; haha
cuts gap in half since last p ; statistical dead heat on competitiveness vs . walker in general .
man we gone off that droski big ups bottoz money in da bank welcome to moneyland big j stakks and k . lee new membas ray mask jr jimmy bottoz
lol this game shows why the bulls will never do well in the playoffs
i need to have my hands in makeup 24/7 . i need another source to be able to do this . i need a miracle , i need a blessing .
stuffing envelopes for earl bday party invites . want to join the party on 12/2 at the heights theater ? call 612-926-3878 ext219 for info
so . . . what do we mean by learning . . . in the 21st century ? fascinating discussion .
good luck on opening day at petco!! ! proud of you guys !
with those teams and pseudo-star players , it's easier to chuckle about lightheartedly . talent level leaves us wanting here .
yeah ! patriots !
how things look on the outside of us depends on how things are on the inside of us .
y.o.l.o #hhe #bpr the take over is here ! !
i want to thank my new followers for following me ! it will be rewarding on your part .
sounds delicious .
what do u want ? no ; reallywordswordswordswhat do you want ? not what somebody else said ; but what's in ur heart . when u know that , then u can have it . ~rm
oh yes it definitely should be! ! i lived there for a while and my parents still do . so much to see !
did you do the homeworkk ? i dont get how to do 4 and 5 !
out to dinner with the fam :*
have u talked to dada
wtf they know bout easy e ? lol white ppl funny
rt doubt , of whatever kind , can be ended by action alone . thomas carlyle 1795-1881 , philosopher and author
the mayor has declared tomoro " indiana pacers blue & gold day" . support your hometown team and wear your blue & gold ! thanks !
going to the new bbq place up the street wordswordswords will report back .
i am well versed in the history of u.s . rioting thanks to sublime's " april 29 , 1992 (miami) . " the more you know !
no , no , i didn't say i cry , i said i would make cry . oh , nevermind . tell how this works . sheesh .
speak softly and carry a big stick " theodore roosevelt "
dude , that's creepy .
getting my nails done tomorrowwordswordswords
yes we must - email me when you're back in town !
hit up the boom boom room tonight for 3 4 1 miller tappers !
rt : in my school , theyre pretty valuable but they should cost less.#libchat darn hashtags .
block party show this sunday on 2nd and bainbridge . your invited .
when is someone going to open a chick-fil-a in nyc ? it's one of the must eats every time i go home to see my family .
i like the idea of a full year of student teaching . would need to be paid . once again
purple and orange are complimentary colors . they actually go together quite well . just ask , the art guru .
aaayyyeee lol rt : dark skin pretty face,coke bottle waist
good , at least one good thing came out of that tweet . our first stop is in bogota !
we went and saw the avengers this afternoon . not too crowded , and oh , man , it was an awesome movie . might take p to see it on sunday .
into the eye of the storm . ..figuratively and literally !
received the best massage of my life today at balanced bodywork . holiday rush is gone and total relaxation is in ! thx carrie !
birthday tomorrow :)
have you had time to check out our website ? let us know if we can help !
no son , a frame is a self-holding device that can often stand , or lean and even hang all on its own .
i'm on my high horse
itriage is at the healthcare leadership council today presenting to congress members !
sadly yes
you know you super high when youre watching tv and think youre in it . . . .
getting ready for tomorrow can't believe its tomorrow wish me luck
being like 10 feet away from justin bieber
thanks ray ! rt : long overdue
i love him with all my heart .
relax and have some fun while the rest of us are here working away . .
bahahha i love it!! ! so us !
crows gotta eat
haha . why did your mom take your phone ?
thank you for the follow ! :)
wordswordswordstry not to become a man of success , but a man of value.wordswordswords wordswordswords albert einstein
a man who treats his woman like a princess is a proof that he has been born and raised in the arms of a queen .
the things i would do to you . and to your toast .
rt : if ur a young hustler on the come up , u must have confidence that ur hard work , dedication and faith is going to pay off .
well i have to go get ready for bed have a blessed night and fantastic dreams i will tweet tomorrow . says dont forget to smile . =d
#np sunday bluegrass on w the country gentleman , berk bryant . the shortest , fastest , and bestst 3 hours in radio !
no ma'am it's st beauty ballroom not
i agree with & you should do #cpd23 . i have two things left from last time that i'm determined to finish !
saw your page very nice . ..sent an email
nccmls membership is growing quickly in 1st week . sign up on nccmls and get a free real estate broker banner ad
kathy griffin i can't wait . ..40 mins
evan , sounds fantastic - but i'm gonna be playing in the snow ! --glynn
rt if u have a blackberry !
would love to see skip bayless wear your #ballsoharduniversity tshirt ! !
i can relieve stress with out smoking weed :)
she can have my go at them . ..lol . ..i can tolerate them to a degree , but not the crazy looping ones , etc . .
last season the finale was on my birthday may 17 this season way earlier what's up with that ?
sjit , i was all kinds of wrong . just checked .
just got home from school :)
justice for #kellythomas now!! ! stop #homeless murder by
last day at the best job ever :(
3 days later & now 4,892 people will contribute towards my dreams & goals ! thank you all! ! yes 72hrs later & 800 more people have joined ! !
my wutang name is profound bandit! ! ah haha
quality is never an accident . it is always the result of intelligent effort . - john ruskin
i am so thankful for the urban dictionary .
not in a good mood at all ! so gonna listen to and then go to sleep
i do !
great harden's beard !
#shotsfired rt : i swear my brother's like 2 . so damn immature .
" : i miss my gwenny . " miss ya too
#health #tip : spend more time with giving people . witnessing others ' acts of kindness can make us want to be more helpful .
playing tomorrow at ground zero , wednesday at borg ward .
thank you !
ha ! #highfive rt : absolutely embarrassed teen and got down to salt n peppa on the dance floor
anyone know a way to draw a shape and have it translated into a canvas tag ?
crisis averted ! back into my account . thanks for the heart attack google !
farewell chicago ! it's day 26 : ' abdu'l-bahwordswords leaves the windy city this morning at 8:25 am , central time , bound for cleveland .
happy hump day!! ! !
thanks for the rt very much appreciated !
yes . everything else will go perfectly . good luck !
this life is what you make it . no matter what , you're going to mess up sometimes , it's a universal truth .
i hope i get to see this weekend! ! i miss her :(
the heat are slippin ' right now
aite signin off but somfs hit me up kay
pretty sure it's " correx "
its not the same with out you
join us at 3pm to cheer on the bruins ! let's get a game 7 in boston ! !
getin my earrings on may 20
oh . i just realized it's not friday . sadface .
i do not like that class :()
oh i have some great open-toe sorels . ;)
lol i no rite . his performance is crazy .
aye , i love u too :)
treating myself to some web site design this morning .
it has been all the hits of the 70s , 80s , and today stuck in my head this week . #nowplaying " careless whisper " by george michael
i know right . this is good stuff .
s/o to all my followers , stay tuned , new material and video coming soon . . .
great ads make bad products fail faster.buyology
thanks so much for the follow!! ! thanks ;-)
yoo you ready for that #mercy video ? !! ! ? swerve !
great meeting today with ronald mcdonald house nyc bill sullivan - as ceo bill has had 7 years of mission impact & growth . .helping more kids
that's my job to enhance our talents given abilities . great work !
live music at varsity bar ! mike dubose , don harvey and jansen hawkins! ! music starts at 6pm , $3.75 study breaks (jager shot & lonestar pint)
not all women are introduced to gay life in prison.is it possible that some women choose to be gay because intro
current events can help inspire and make research instruction relevant .
no midnight worship tonight . . . .
got to school 2 hours late today talk about
right on !
if he plays 15 mins bulls win this game and this series
wordswordswords : go #bulls . --hoist a local beer for the game ! goose summertime is still chicago-brewed , , or fresh zombie dust!wordswordswords
" i am considering all of my legal options " - & " i'm 100% certain it (substance) never entered my system " --braunie
my doc cinema sista will be talking the producing life on tonight from 6:30-8:30p at nyc's showbiz cafe as part of the african american . . .
hey imma #belieber and this is crazy , but here's my twitter so follow me maybe . ..please ! <3 :) #carlyraejepsen #callmemaybe 19
our next basset hound will be named napper tandy .
tweeters ! i'm prepping for a 3-song ep release . so excited to get my original music out to you ! i'll be releasing the song titles next week
since when are you a blonde ? !
good morning!! ! breakfast is served at 9am ! wake up!!! ! !
you can also get it at your local mcdonalds or burger king .
canon launches new printers - malaysia star
not knowing when the dawn will come , i open every door . - emily dickinson
thank you , mr . nashville now ! another timely score by brandan wright . . .
;) so what's rhe time over there ?
as well , im sure im guilty of esteeming my own opinions . have a great nite
nice . you going ?
#5words we must live laugh love
pieces of me (imagination and contemplation) book i on kindle at www.amazon.com/dp/b005hl1gc8 enjoy ! !
i love you .
at this rate the bishop kelly high school basketball team would have been a better pick for the tournament than the longhorns . . .
i used to be love drunk but now i'm hungover
i need 10 people follow she follows back #teamfollowback & you get a promo to her 83k just reply " done " when finished " x7
heaven help the person who irritates me today .
that is evil .
i think your seagulls have been conspiring with my 7am crows !
were you with the ladies wearing tiaras today ? ! ?
thx to our new followers !
anyone checking out at tonight ? excited to finally get to attend one of these .
correction . ..nobody in chicago! ! !
i #love you my boo <3
right now is the end of the month finals . the monthly top 4 are in the smash down for the monthly grand prize .
dear man .
just seen a dude wit a #eatersunday #buttonup shirt on
the point is that he was standing next to me . he is short and fit and i am shrek .
baldenegro : some construction is from " old money" , from implementation of long range plan .
if you're going to be rowdy past 3 am tonight let me know ! these hours are killing me .
rumor there were no seats for the band , but again , not certain rt not certain , but i believe so , yes .
yes . it makes the coastal driving really slow too . super windy roads in and out of trees .
im cryin . . . . . . . im dead ass cryin
it's 3:30 sunday afternoon .
bout time somebody bully thad . ..wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
scroll down for an update on this story , including abc's denial that the tapes are as explosive as claimed by the daily mail .
i'm sure ronnie is happy timmy or veras-ie (or jose-y) can't screw this one up . what is veras ' nickname ? rick got a hr tho !
being gay isn't wrong ? since when was it bad to love someone ? #isupportgayrights . <3
sometimes it takes a little to make so much worthwhile . . . .
wordswordswords : had a hell of a workout #teamfitnesswordswordswords #teamfitness approved
something about javon daddy
facebook twitter instagram repeat x100 . my before bed regimen .
hell yea bomb weed n palm trees . b n atl next month f wit me
mostwhen click twitter i check out who to follow an follow some ; working real hard as fine art painter 8yrs,gut feeling,tell em 2 follow moi
reading wikipedia now . . .
hey zendaya fans if you like us follow us we are also going to start a fanpage on facebook so we will let you know on that . .
hey ! thanks for following me !
#bay wood wizard , the bay area ? s leading wood restoration specialist , announces engagement after returning from africa on an ? africa li . . .
i have stayed in contact , dummy !
- living the dream .
working on a arabian style beat!! ! !
thx for letting us know , and thx for spreading the word as we help haitians in #miami access legal and public services !
i just saw when i was taking my lil sis something to rio ! :d
come on strop
learning about godaddy's quick shopping cart
big week ahead . . . tv show appearance , gravity studios , and a big show friday night in chicago !
a big thanks to seaworld's azul cast members brittany , gabrielle , & marc on their last day with the show . we'll miss you !
were i there , i'd raise a hand to question the phrase " we're a free society . " who are " we " and what is " free " ?
right ? geniuses .
finally got the #gingerbread update on my #g2 this morning . thanks , !
feeling much better today ! :) #weho helped a lot last night
naaaahhh *waves away*
get your tail hereish
we'll be thinking of her ! best of luck to you both
yes ! it's working ! my novel is finally working ! it's alive , do you hear me ? alive .
thank-you for inclusion in the daily !
up early on this writing flow . wrote about 3 songs in a hour . gonna try & get some sleep then hit the studio later on
what's that
jersey shore!! ! lol . i was the only fist pumper for two days!! ! small world indeed beautiful .
i had that thought and then laughed because , duh , that's what they do ! you don't think it's funny ?
you're not talking about porn , i presume .
" : houston defenders def urban dfw elite 41-40." . next up : ark hawks in semis
we are officially on itunes ! check us out-download us !
first day at planet fitness tomorrow :d gettin ready for the summer i am ( :
killer songs guys !
ok , i got northern lights , and master kush
a daring escape . . . ? new page update today at www.rocketrobinson.com
is it okay for us to go to the carnival with you if we meet you there
r u still on selenas side ?
your awsomeee!!! ! i felt the need to say that ( : you got a fan rightt herreee :d bahahaha
i've heard that 78 or 80 republican members of the house consider the notebook to be their favorite movie .
chicago vs boston . . . . . thinkin bout goin to watch the rest of the game at a bar . . . ..idk yet tho
mandi , in the words of dr . ian malcom (jurassic park) " life . ..uh . ..eh . .eh . . finds a way "
hard to believe i joined the marine corp almost 25 years ago !
you don't have to be a man to be in a studliest man contest . over 30% of our users are woman . studly woman that is .
always get the latest updates installed on your computer regardless of what operating system you use - security holes knows no difference !
the holes in travertine is the first thing to consider .
i love the show
i don't know what that means !
beautiful day in san diego , what you doin for god today ?
hey , singles and non-family couples , when you go to the grocery store , do you use a cart or a basket ? a boring and non-scientific survey .
of course ! :)
the heat won't win a championship this season . favorite this tweet i dont care . that receding hairline freak will continue to be ringless .
i b singin dem ballots while he tossn my salad when i pet my parrot all he c is colorful karat$
happy #purim to all ! what's your #costume today ? #megillah reading this morning at 7:30am .
i know , we need to have outings more often ! #mademynight hahaha
why does your new profile pic make you look like norm ?
#bears - get peppers , cutler and hester out of the game ! especially peppers with that bad knee .
#twkd that is so true , and good thinking
bored than eva
great job getting it done .
got too aggressive w/ spam blacklists . lost 3 legit emails . parsed all logs , notified folks & requested resend . !pretendo to have mailed me .
eating breakfast . . . wssup for the day ?
me too . . . we are cool . . we are civil people who can talk without a screaming match . .=)
sure wish the twitter gods would quit screwing with my punctuation . (is there a period at the end of that sentence ? i put one there.)
thought they was finna grab that one
he was killed during the great iphone/android war of 2016 .
i am too old to be waking up at 3am . this baby of mine is aging me in dog years .
i mainly write poetry and short stories , and the occasional song :)
hey annie were you at my party last night so many guys there
i think next one up is shutterous for $500m . can i start a rumor ? :p
" blended learning , mobility , and analytics , while taught separately , need to be considered a system . " yes !
whether you own single family homes , apartments , duplexes or condos , our company ensures that your property is well maintained . --rpm
as big as montana .
heading to mount hood ? expect heavy congestion on hwy 26 , up to an hour delay from mp 40 to 48 . there is also a chain requirement in place .
try 2 imagine the end of eternity
how can i check out your apps ?
what is your biggest internet marketing challenge ? dm your questions and i'll create a youtube video answer for the most popular question .
shouldn't teaching about online safety be up to the parents ? schools aren't an excuse for parents not to teach their kids
would any of my fellow history department au grads be willing to proctor an exam on may 2nd at 11:20am ?
i'm fine buddy :d and you ? <3
do you have a dental question you'd like us to answer ? email us today at and we'll answer you in our blog !
if you don't make porsha money don't tell people you do just to fit in , cause in the end you'll be left out
jet ski'n with the ill'est of visions . . . sean kingston eat my dust !
what's your favorite thing to do on sunday ?
news : irananian navy deploying " powerful warships " near us coast . in other news , armored paddle boats were just spotted passing bermuda .
yes , it can happen that easily .
thx for coming ! hope your train went *forward* the whole way back ! did you have a favorite book(s) from today ?
re : joycevalenza ! wow wiki ! love it . no one can talk boring wiki anymore !
i pray that all the mother's will have a wonderful mother's day . i pray that children will honor those who sacrifice for & love them ! ms d
yes it is , thanks ! i'm going to draw a winner in may .
i have to come up with a mythical creature for school that represents my life . any ideas ?
if you are tweeting at tech trends please also use the conference hash tag so we can archive the conversation .
dim sum then the strand
can they put dice-k in ?
#grammy awards this weekend - who's your favorite ?
#remix hardwell has collaborated with up and coming dutch dj dannic on his latest track wordswordswordskontiki wordswordswords . it starts off with a nice driving ba
great news : i've finally recovered from the weekend . (it's thursday.)
rt : so are yall happy they might actually " free boosie " one day ? oh . <~i'm surprised that the " free boosie " campaign worked lol
thanks for the shout out sara !
thanks free fun in austin !
i will !
don't date a boy because he's cute , date him because he makes you feel special and because he's there for you .
well , they worked so hard to baked and transport those cookies . ..eating them is the polite thing to do . :)
#boston neighborhood network's doc " my summer in the city " directed by jonathan rizzo was accepted to the #bostoninternationalfilmfestival ! !
it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood !
did i hear brandon marshell may be suspendid for a incident in miami
teehee what's your grade in math ?
that's cool what you got ?
forecast for friday : sunny . highs in the upper 70s . northeast winds 5 to 10 mph . becoming east in the afternoon .
everyday feels like friday this week !
we love hearing that ! keep it up ! " - just got done with a killer spinning class ! and going for seconds tomorrow :) "
this weather is crappy and depresing . ..its why i moved from pac nw :(
let us #represent your #company at your next #networking #event ! call us for more details ! 1-866-694-8528
ah man jillian,i want every dog you show gracie such a cutie i think you should take her heck w grant xo
text ? object ?
i agree ! been a fan for 20 years . . . simply awesome team! ! so , the streak ends ; but what a streak !
lol are they like blondes lol .
hoodie ! when are you coming back to the chi ? ! i can't believe i missed your show !
you play with fire your gonna get burnt , watch out for me . . .
just said " this cake is the balls!!! " to my mom and dad . awk .
anyone know of an abandoned industrial or warehouse space around new york that i can use for a film shoot ? any tips would be appreciated !
kiril and rachel are in the house tonight everybody just watch them make out
modeler's master weapon is frbr , tho gotham citizens disagree on what it does . citizens get trapped in logical rabbit holes .
thanks so much . i have a sample of #coldcomfort on my #kindle . when i'm done judging this contest , i'm going to have a readfest
ooh , thank you , ! very cool graphic for reflection with mobile devices .
says happy holidays !
look out for the dream team . .just wasnt my time
just finished giallo . horrendous ! who's idea was it for adrien brody to be both the lead and the killer ! ?
hehe lol well when you have to time . this is a private matter . so dms or email would be great
thanks , ruth . have fun with ur pops !
have you checked out www.sacvalleyheat.com yet ? now is the time . . . . . . . . . . .
poppycock is so underused . can that be the title of your next book ?
that's sick man ! how many people can say they have their own nightlight ? ! though they should do a legit one of your face ! haha
it's coo . i'm pretty sure that i'm one too .
just made an unplanned touchdown in las vegas to refuel .
#worstmovietitles " s " . . . i'm guessing it's about snakes ? lmfao !
you guys i'm scared ! i take my behind-the-wheel test tomorrow at 9:30 ! may the lord be with me wordswordswords
oh hey ! thanks so much , love ! i'll have to fill you in on all the deets soon !
the one good thing about being stuck in the office from 9 am to 9:30 pm ? i didn't have to deal with the heat all day !
glad you're keeping busy with that work stuff ; keeps you outta trouble . . . ;-)
dont make me second guess myself , i dont want to play this game
none of my followers dont even talk to me l0l .
is a big fan of nuclear , but when things go badly . . . here's hoping they can avert another tragedy (or two) !
real political reform - big money has destroyed our political system . we need to fix it at the problems root . its a system designed to fail
twitter retest
tonight is our first meat&greet at 6pm .
today , i am at the celebrating mom ! craft & vendor show from 11am - 3pm at ashton place , 341 75th street , willowbrook , il .
i agree , i like ireland better but i still thought london was cool .
on oovoo with my gay lover . i'm a whore.oh not my boyfriend by the way .
at a boy
she had construction paper in the car!! ! she went & got it . it was eye-rolling night .
we're all deeply connected . we take in what others have done & make it our own by contributing something new in our own distinctive voices .
awww throwback , classic . i had that on a hit clip . omg
i can't find my contacts , so glasses to school .
hey bo
hope to see members of and tweeting in for tonight's #ypnchat at 8 pm cdt ! cc :
it's really quite simple . . say what you mean & mean what you say .
and now " pig floppy " david ortiz just hit his 2nd hr of the game
an additional barrier to #innovation is too much talk and too little action !
okay , why does anyone care of sarah phillips has anything to do with condescending wonka ?
awesome . let's get some retarded tattoos and make other bad choices !
why so ?
frizzy hair :(
nothing quieter and buzzier than a sunny day in
all generalizations are false , including this one .
headed from springfield to campo , co today , which is about a 21 mile day .
i call the top one : gone with the wind ! : )
don't be that type of person . your acting like a child tyler
never too long ! looking great miss ari ! :-]
hey i've seen them too don't worry ! nobody believed in us this year either and we came out one game away .
my waking thoughts are all of twitter.napoleon .
nice wheels , saving the mini van for andrew ?
really bad hair day .- .
got my dayglow ticket yesterday .
my pants . . .
welcome home !
success is not counted by how high you have climbed but by how many people you brought with you . - wil rose
hungry but there is no food here . being pregnant and hungry is not a good combination . ..i soo hope i get one of these jobs . tired man :(
creative times like these , i really wish i knew how to sew . . or at least had a sewing machine !
oh ! love me some mr . thornton . makes my heart flutter .
thanks to dan velez casting for your continued support over the years ! you are on eof the good guys !
it would be nice if they expanded , but i like it the way it is too !
movies all day > finishing break work
tell us more . what are they eating ?
jewish leader faces questions over sarkozy column
got " rick's " number tonight
studied casual is the new blue suit . next time you'll know better .
love watching the red carpet at the derby !
" we must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools . " -mlk remembering martin luther king jr today , his born day .
i love you and miss you already . what the heck do i do with you 800+ miles away ? best.reunion.ever .
u think i doubt it
i work for the obi-wan kenobi of publishing . he just came into my office chewing a twizzler and said " good work , my young padawan . "
i'm like #ricksantorum . wanna find out right thing 2 do ? find out what #ricksantorum's doing and #dotheopposite !
surprised by how many people are trashing ces . sounds like it's on the decline
check out this and manifest possibilities amazing_predictions_know_yourself_.pps cool test from the tibetans .
what did you shoot out on the #golf #course today ? post your scores !
glad you got home safe .
in four months and a day i'll be a married man . hell freezes over .
followedwordswordswords to
exactly what i need to hear tonight . rt never let haters , critics & cynics define you .
why aren't you on skype while you are waiting .
that's exactly what i ask the hundreds of students who ask me that !
she knows that
mixed signals aren't cute .
i would kill myself f f f f f f
what is a dispatch show ?
my last name is pronounced differently every time in this class .
a while ago you linked to a rather contentious review of a lit anthology . i'm trying to find it , any chance you remember ?
let the griswold's show you the only way to spend your christmas vacation ! 8pm free showing dive-in theatre ! happy hr 4-7pm
2011- " cool story , bro . " 1837- " interesting tale , my fine companion . "
leg process can benefit from crowdsourcing of info ( )
2 more years of living in texas and then i'm going to move to cleveland ! it's going to happen .
i love #stpatricksday but i'm ready for it too end . . .
no word yet . " : does that mean the judge ruled dr . sellers will not be allowed to testify ? "
did you see the notice ?
summer is here ! like my page to read my article on protecting your skin from sun-related aging !
atlanta friday!:d yessir!:)
education minister wants regular school board reviews
line of the morning . talking stanley cup trophy and reporter chimes in wordswordswordsi took a sip from it back in ' 94 , still get a cold sore therewordswordswords .
oh gosh , telling my friend how to use twitter . yeah she isn't good with the web and stuff:) i love you boo !
home ! hungry !
hot date on a saturday night . ..sitting in the waiting room at patient first . don't be too jealous !
13 year olds talking about sex need their ass beat!!! ! !
hey thanks for the follow ! have you checked out our music yet ! ?
might delete my pof account . it's worthless . not attracted to anyone on that site !
yeah no kiddin ! " we'll raise some hell where the blacktop ends . "
folgno's going to go a period without a goal ? stiff
greenwood/center grove area . we love it . lots of trees & hills , reminds me of tennessee :)
im thinking bout doing a remix to t-pain " 5 ' o'clock "
when did clint hurdle become manager of cubs ?
never live life in fear of death
all hail the chicago citation style and for including a template for podcast sources !
the world is with you the world is watching
i also want to go :(
great fun last night with folks and nice to meet the brains behind the app !
he's now confused . >.<
thank you! ! =d but on what if you dont mind me askingg
thank you all for helping us crowd source ideas about live chats . we are going to make these ideas reality
operation sonny cold shower was a success :)
thanks so much for your vote to #preservenyc . tell us in a tweet : why does the matter to you ?
nope , you can't have it . forget about it .
& from are doing their #badgerhour broadcast here live from 6-7pm tonight !
i have had to leave my family home . the union army is advancing and my husband fears for my safety .
well , that deodarant definitely doesn't work .
mls commissioner confirms that the league will release players for the olympics
i never seem to get tweeted back by people like , , mahone , or other great ppl i tweet :(
by raising your legs slowly and lying on your back , you cannot sink into quicksand .
hours pass and she still counts the minutes . . .
meh , the appkit team has been doing that since before xcode
i thoroughly enjoyed it . :)
iifc you're a so.fl native ? bittersweet journey . keep us posted , ok ?
baby hair-stylists must have one of the most challenging professions .
thanks ! yeah , we see a lot of ontario tags en route to florida . hope it was a fun trip !
any #bootstrap genuius know how to reduce the space between columns ? or doesn't seem to work .
love that!! ! !
i still have to go there ! !
i loves glee
how is everyone doing with the appraisal management companies ? need any advice ? ask it here .
o.m.g i am going to canada ! !
haha nothin much , ready for the weekend ! how about yourself ?
any 7th grader is cooler than a contemporary adult loser !
" : good night . need to be in taft by 10am . ugh y so early ? " eto na ba ang simula ? haha
i think you mean tom hanks
if i can stop one heart from breaking , i shall not live in vain .
umm 31 . rt : i kept hearing my mom in my head " well you are 30 now! " smh
off/center : art writing from the regions , sept 20-22 , with looks pretty good ! (#atlanta )
fascinating evening listening to talk about his passion for collecting records , and the stories behind them , at
driving around rocking out to one direction .
looks like you guys are on to something big ! staying tuned for announcements !
if it was actually privatizing , the prices would be falling , not rising . these are half-measures . they solve nothing .
cash money brother's
get in the water ! !
sup guys im not a big fan of because of his music but i think its great that him and ja have the same friends now
so much to be grateful for this year! . ..it has truly been an amazing journey for me ! #happythanksgiving ! gobblegobble !
#msc2011 preparing for the trip to nashville . just left tie conference in colorado . excited to learn from experience .
" you guys sound the way i feel every day " been over 6mos but i still listen to 4lokomas to make my problems seem infinitesimal
where are y'all throwing ' back ' ritas today for cinco de mayo ? !
it could have a burger with it too . just like what i've have !
spiraling forward & upward into the warm loving breeze . . . today is wonderful
four legs good , two legs bad ? cc/
does anyone have a killer carrot cake cupcake & cream cheese frosting #recipe ?
if nothing lasts for ever , will you be my nothing ?
just watched being john malkovich
it must be #glee night . because i'm on the other side of the house , wearing headphones .
follow back me ! is a awsome account related to watch porn online!;p
money and pussy always reveal your true friends
plz go follow she follow back ;d and i will follow you too :d
we're in the market for a new laptop cool pad . must have dual fans , be quiet and sturdy . any recommendations ? (besides targus.)
btw they told me poppin models was the single its getting mastered now ! now watch what i do .
makes sense .
i do wish you would include a napkin (even just one!) with your delivery orders .
lol yep.i know some have 1 here & there but my 1st pg gave me so many health problems figure better safe then sorry
today isn't his birthday . o.o
aw you say that to am your reviewers :) . i have enjoyed your work in the past , i am sure this is no different .
wordswordswordsto eat is a necessity , but to eat intelligently is an artwordswordswords - francois la rochefoucauld
next week we are starting our annual academy awards contest ! so be on the look out and let your friends and family know !
it's so damn boring @ work
off to the northeast tomorrow and then the great province of new brunswick for lake/cottage time .
approved - but you have been warned about the info for the last time . you sit in timeout , and think about what you did .
you will very soon for both
mn gophers . final 4! ! nit . never mind .
the sun is out , but it's raining on me and i don't have an umbrella .
balls in the air no games im serious
the canaries are going off this morning ! <3 <3 <3
today will be the death of me .
we're showcasing our new #spa-tinis on this morning ! tune in to see our brand new cocktails & how you can drink for a cause !
someone take me to sweet frog before mum comes =(
if you could describe frank sinatra in one word , what would it be ?
she's always sweet to everyone . so true , victoria justice is very sweet and legendary wordswordswords :)
#bsbcruise2011 i want to go soo bad . i will beg my mom to get me a ticket . lol
no sleep . just chillin at the holiday in
i sing an play violin( :
what's a may
go cardinals ! that will shut the critics up .
great ! i didn't know that you make it clear it's not allowed in your space . i stopped in 1979 . peace
by cheap do you mean free ? haha
tired , sore , just wanted to stay in bed . . . .but . ..off to the gym . days like today make the difference ! make it great !
ya know whenever i see #teamaustin i think its about me cause thats my name ! :) but i am a big fan !
should follow me back :)) lol
just can't do it maybe because i'm a batman fan
makes up for last season where we ran through the gauntlet , #rays , #redsox , #yankees + #twins always play us tough
its going sorry for late reply just buisy i have sick bikes that im putting out so gotta make sure my guys are on it:)
i think i might need to print out a picture of your cover and tape it to my wall . it's incredible .
i think i just learned how to delegate . . . wait , give it back , i want to do it !
looks like a nice article about him
to infinity and beyonce
shields needs to take this fight to the ground to have any shot of winning . . . oh wait , boetsch just proved anything can happen . nevermind !
my friend walt's words for 2012 are focus , determination and tenacity . good advice for us all .
have you tried ' s new gluten free brew ? tweason'ale ? this gluten free gal loves it ! finally , one with flavor !
it's just trying to get the top down on ' s 3 series .
well then perhaps the issue is the limits . rendering crashes chrome
rtwordswordswords all i get is cheese like im taking pictures !wordswordswords
thank you !
hello , dear . i am well and blessed . how about you ? decided what you're getting for your mother ?
it gonna be a slow one today
okay so freddie mitchell started doing the " belt " in 2003 . aaron rodgers still does it better .
text me
karl rove is a fat pig . suddenly grouping paul with . . . . . .huntsman ? ! really ! group 1st place with dead last to make a statement . charming .
so many white rappers now . . .
sunday night dj night 9pm no cover $3 jumbo long islands . (different dj each week) .
u.s . jobless claims last week fell by 1,000 to 367,000 , a 1-month low . 4-week moving average declined to 379,000 from 384,250 prior week .
ugh guess im walking to le park next period -.-
i really enjoy watching the packers lose , especially if it makes things that much easier for the 49ers to reach the super bowl next week !
baja blast is without a doubt the best drink ever made . now to figure out how to get it at home without kidnapping someone . . .
what order should we write the story ?
ctfu rt : summer = pretty toes . well , not every female . lol .
feels like a true homeowner again -- he mowed the lawn .
i follow everyone
i want to kiss him on his little head . is he doing better ?
when a buyers name popping up between different groups around the same time behind drugs that's police
home sweet home :d
8:35 . where do you live at ?
about to start my designing motion at #fitcto yay !
jesus ! you knew what i meant !
employment coaching sat . from 10-2pm @ 506 central ave for resume building , public speaking , interview prep , etc . we've got great services !
btw , if you'rr hip to muhsinah , we're bringing her to the jazz kitchen next sunday , just fyi .
alright alright alright go bears in my kevin hart voice
the video is awesome bro
aww :\ feel better
vows to change washington from the " outside " .
check out the audio clips . some sick stuff . www.freekshowradio.com
rocos tacos is probably louder than the concert we're going to
asks us how we reconcile our visualizations with user/audience generated discussion and development . . .
not ron , not hermione , you
it's sad how easy it is for me to be inbox zero on my personal email account .
what u mean
breakfast burrito asap .
im more of a observer than a talker . .
i dunno but i want to go there , light a candle or something .
new study shows us government fails to oversee treatment of foster children . . . - abc news
loud birds before dawn or a leaf caught in the gears ?
i hate when people text back saying " lol " -______- you might as well not even reply . sheesh
getting ready to take down a massive tree on my fenceline today .
love you both .
#youainthittinitrightif i'm texting and want another round
i don't mean as replacement for grading , but some students don't like the wait for feedback of any kind
can . we . do . that ?
i need to stop retweeting things . xd
happy mother's day to all the moms out there !
just woke up had along day
going to the school this early on a saturday fun .
most adorable girl talking about science and girl scouts at council .
had a good night ! !
and the go big blue chants start !
i lost followers *shrugs* ohwelll .
i hear brian is a big leatherclad gay guy in his dreams
work . work . ..and more work .
i feel all warm and fuzzy for stamkos now
yes - mcmenamin's is opening a hotel at the crystal and if you stay there - they will let you in to sold out shows . how bout that ? !
just pumped out another verse . im back
10-0 run and saras is killing them , sorry make that 17-0 run now and what was burstein doing starting this game
missing our homeland a lil bit . happy lundi gras y'all !
as different as they are , the only politician able to sway my vote from obama isn't a candidate
going to olive garden in my dance costume . . .
happy mothers day to my beautiful mother ! you are appreciated <3 god bless
i think nfirs has ems . but it's been a while since i read the docs . dm me if you need help .
q3 2010 results presentation speech speech by paul polman , chief executive officer , and jean-marc huet , chief financial officer , on q3 2010
good luck with your customer visits today ! :)
hi - the book fairy came to seattle's lenin statue this morning , leaving free children's picture books at his feet !
is one of the best wr he is such a beast
and on my chrome mbp , the animation is way less smooth than most previous doodles .
lmfao i'm smart to
should i pull a &tell credit card comp i won't pay my bill ' cuz i have too much debt even though i spent the money ?
reach us at please do not spam
women have their faults . men have only two . everything they say . everything they do .
do what you want to do , not what others think you should do
there should definatly be a butter named after me because im so smoth xd
gotta love texas country music !
cuz its night
love you right back ! <3
i hate it when you have to do that ! ;) rt : forgot about the headache of the tin foil
q7 : yes , that's one of the reasons i try to sleep good
when i was much younger at age 4 , i rode my big wheel though a pile of leaves . . . . on fire !
thanks , ressa . see ya .
two bad this week's snl is a rerun . the show's two brothers would have gotten more airtime .
letting things go that don't mean any good to me so god can use me the way he wants to
rangers win!!! ! hank gets the shutout!!! ! gotta keep rolling baby! ! !
i shall dm you-like a boss ;d
6 meths for that day , hanes medium boxer briefs , and a pair of new shoes .
oh your tweets make my day !
anybody else been up all night ?
reading " a vist from the goon squad . " a novel of nodes . you should read it , too .
#smile ( : excited ?
that sucks
dude jerry is justin's penis,dick!lol are you even a belieber ?
started writing your memoirs , yet ?
have the tequila on ice ready ! rt oh no , , i missed ' s bday too ! a toast to him at tonight's
very bro decision made by you
rt : if the us nonprofit sector were a country its revenues would exceed those of most countries in the world !
i grew up in chicago on lake michigan and lived in houston , 50 miles from the gulf and galveston . i miss that beach !
#gagacollabwithbritney yes . please .
when did they make a honey 2 ?
it is but either way it sucks
so bummed that judo is canceled again !
we just had a mendeley training at our library a few weeks ago . interesting !
i appreciate your rt . thank you .
your monday is my saturday .
apparently four loko makes me say " i'm carlos mencia , so suck my dick . "
soccer team <3
she must have been at that shell with the messed up pump huh ? damn glitches . knows abt those discounts .
he said he'd never give up . he said he'd always love me even though i broke his heart . . . he lied . and now i'm falling apart . why me ?
passed my cdl test today !
: yeah , exactly . i'm thinking high schools ' fears about vulnerable students on the open internet are overblown .
thanks dude !
at wlcv!! ! awaiting a weekend of membership recruitment :d
charles ess : exploits new technologies for political influence better than anybody
so glad we have tix 4 " jesus christ superstar " in nov . ! i just found out it'll be on broadway w/previews mar , ' 12 !
this man has on acryllic nails . ..why ?
mt :big thanks to everyone who supports kids access to care thru improved #medicaid payments for pediatric drs .
lol . of course not . that was someone else xd
but everytime i turn around you say your not checking for another playboy but everytime i come around you seem so ready for this :p
let me see what i can do . i'll get back with ya .
heck yea they r the best the atmosphere is electric
. ..shooting day . . .
rt : excited to be on letterman tonight with the extremely inspiring !! ! please you tube his incredible speech
i have an 10 yr old 4 yr old stepson an twin girls on the way
you're a star in the face of the sky
not that much . . . but i don't sleep a lot :/ twitter/tumblr addict xd
alto should be a runner , very bullish volume at the bottom . full sto is about to give a buy signal .
a has the option of betting whatever he wants to (max being the stack he was moving) and b is committed to call ?
debbie travis : make your entrance a grand affair - yourhome.ca
cool . so looking forward to it .
i am now realizing that watching kiss the girls this early in the day was really stupid ! but it's so good !
back on my a game but betta!! ! !
network will produce 850 live events a year on 7 networks .
i hate you , twitter
eggfast is open all day today ! enjoy the holiday ! www.eggfast.com
i need new friends . . .
to the person who brought that box of yummy smelling specialtys into starbucks - gimme
got 2 tickets to bon iver at radio city . .#ticketmaster wouldn't accept my credit card . .tickets now released.you feel the love ?
butchering people in arguments >>>>>>
oh how fun hope i'm not bugging
#electrolytes include potassium , magnesium , sodium , calcium , chloride & bicarbonate . they control fluid balance in the body .
all systems go now . you were a gigantic help ! here's to tedxalums sticking together ! thank you ! !
good morning wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
cassidy , thanks so much . let me know when a good time is . all my best , matthew
you're like the sweetest ! x
thanks for the follow! ! hope you can make it to a show soon ! !
i live in san diego . my mother heard about north korea and called me , asking if i was worried . i said only when they're driving .
floetic flo , michael crump and friends at the connecting spot business show- february edition ! join now and check it out . . .
undercover with oregon state investigators to catch contractors working outside the law . #unit8investigation 11pm
a day without sunshine is like night .
late start>
doug , thanks for the follow !
" when i was a lad i ate 4 dozen eggs every morning to help me get large . . . "
set rules , build habits : it starts at home
8 year old kid calling out ice cream truck driver on ridiculous price !
and you'd better get a nod for the feature . i'm just sayin '
never , under any circumstances , take a sleeping pill and a laxative at the same time !
thanks and for the recent rts !
friend's a strong word . . .
pleased 2 meet u meredith . thnx 4 the follow . we're following u & would've loved to attend that party .
new bonnie raitt album . . . is awesome !
#riploti . he had cancer and died last night . you will be missed . <3
ugh ! could use another week of vacation
- ask dad !
ariana never let's fame get to her . she's still the same sweet , silly girl from boca raton , fl . she's still the same ariana grande-buterawordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
need to drink about a gallon of water .
flavorless , manufactured , and always leaves you with a stomach ache .
back to back home runs!! ! k-state 3 ku 0 in the 1st inning .
what ? i had no idea that guys did that .
bryce harper is a punk , he deserved to get bean balled !
theres nothing i love more than pie
warm cookies are the best cookies .
voter registration today at city college at the community service & volunteer fair in the rotunda from 12 to 2pm .
ikr it should b a decent summer considering alot of ppl will b 21 now
thanks darlin!! ! xo .
hey there tim - how are things going ?
follow bad news bears on instagram ! username : badnewsbears
wordswordswords : after hair-cutting incident , a few classmates lived in terror . " god , please don't let mitt see my uncircumcised penis."wordswordswords lol !
every female i talk to ask me the same damn question y don't have a gf kinda weird hmm
the best part ? she then mentioned some no-name health care company , like that would sway me .
no wonder joe mccarthy hated communists . they were dropping space junk on his home state .
curious to know what the freshbooks integration will consist of . . . . .
the ghost inside show is oct 15th btw ! get them fast i only have a few ! !
me too !
another writing day ? why , i don't mind if i do . #semesterisfinallyover :-)
we found waldo in a hopeless place .
don't tell anyone,but is one of the few places that has hopslam on tap right now !
you better not .
thanks for the follow ! have an awesome day :) come back soon !
give the gift of health rather than sugar overload to your kids . emergen-c kidz - grape/fruity flavors dissolved in sparkling/filtered watewordswordswords
on the menu today : commonplace books , poetic miscellanies , and chocolate covered almonds . but not at the same time , of course .
leaving my be on days like this is the hardest thing to do :(
that's awesome .
thanks for the follow , amanda ! :)
atl profile host is live in getting ready for the red carpet premiere of !
wordswordswords : fat tuesday is like stuffing your face for jesus daywordswordswords tru dat !
there is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way . - christopher morley
go lakers even though i hate la . i'm rooting for 7 games .
the gentleman uses learning to enable himself , the petty man uses learning as a bribe to win attention from others . hsun tzu
in the near future , but scarves first . wordswordswords : any chance we could get some como cauldron shirts made up ? "
john brennan : " there is nothing in international law that bans the use of remotely piloted aircraft for [national self-defense] . "
show them how politics can really be
thanks to everyone that came out for a bad bad sunday !
xbox is the worst thing ever . just stop playing if your going to camp in a corner or aim down your sights every time you go around a corner .
phil's custom bindery is still kicking it . not a printer , but only a very rare printer does that kind of binding in-house .
i love van/car heat when you first get in . .
i checked out your booth at the #prweekvts ! i love the virtual summit idea , very neat !
post iphone compatible links and your hits would triple
he's either looking for hats for his bats or is being brought back on to save 24
ok kodak
you tell em baby! ! !
maybe you are angry . only because the way out is through love . and you are just horny and lonely . - hbd - white mike
g men need to go ' 88 tyson on them rt : the pack are off the canvas! ! bobbing and weaving! ! !
poor brandon . . .
loads of puerto rican men seem like lil flamers . i can't read who's gay and not . no offenses . i love the gays . funny still though .
this flyers v penguins series has been nothing short of entertaining . i love playoff hockey !
the coin tossed is embossed with my loss of control . i will live as if living itself is the goal . . .
autoreply is set and it feels so very rite
thanks for the advice , i'm looking forward to my flights and layover day in ams !
countdown to final auditions - can't wait to have this film cast and be able to really see these lead characters come to life !
how about them #gators , another #elite8 , i hope this year they can keep it going !
i coulda swore i saw your cousin the other day flying through miami ? said he won a sales contest and was going to cancun
wordswordswords : way back by is making my st . patty's . #justsayinwordswordswords you made ours !
never mind , found him . welcome to the city of brotherly love !
as in , before three french hens ?
can we enforce one ticket one seat for northeast regional ? too many seats taken up by just one person and their belogings . thx !
give me kevin love anyway . take metta away from me everyday
sorry for your loss amigo mio
matt king shout-out-ing the
rt : utility monster is sold out tonight , but you can still get tix for fat cat killers tomorrow night . . .
winter always turns to spring !
15% off all orders at mayura this week !
is that at greenmount cemetery ? i had no idea he was buried in baltimore .
the blonde girl sitting on the left of me
keep it simple .
lots of stuff ; less pc resources to run , uses more gpu , new camera raw 7 , wide angle lens correction to fix distortion . . . .
i disagree but they are both pretty messed up . i used sike back when i thought i was all that and a bag of chips .
rt : will be on site to capture some video images and scenery of the block party . swag up !
pitti : ead often records intellectual/conceptual links between individuals ex . 20th c . collector of dante's works
drag ! go shoot something !
i stumbled across some poetry/lyrics one day that i did not recall writing
store run
mine would be another 6 wks , can't wait ! let me know how it is .
there is this 90 year old lady who is drinking alcohol at the derby . get it granny lol
we are al going to have one
view it full screen
bras everywhere .
what happened ? ) :
at the end of the day , a 5th field goal doesn't cut it , game is much different if they get one touchdown . . .
theres nothing wrong with being shallow as long as youre insightful about it . dennis miller
florida st trying to find a way to lose . . . .smh
on our way to orlando,florida to play #fmf2012 ! wish that keyboards could fold up !
of course the court house is closed . lazy government workers . . .
more negative economic news , thnks obama . i'm know the pres has little impact on the econom . , but makes me feel good to hate on him
and here's where the referees take over .
saturday night , at either 7 or 8pm depending on the lakers/nuggets game going on right now
i came to win,to fight , to conquer , to thrive i came to win , to survive , to prosper , to rise , to fly . get ready for it , i came to win .
playing drums and singing w/ clareandreasons tonight @ joe's pub :)))
i guess ' seductive ' is too sexually charged a word for my computer's thesaurus to contain . apparently ' jesus ' is okay , though
just bought some grad school textbooks thru buy a book , & one gets donated ! (& a peace corps mali friend works there)
he got lucky getting back to first once he should have know that his luck streak sucks! ! !
play with social media today : click on all the buttons and fill out all the stuff . are your websites listed ? is your bio/about up to date ?
what do i win ! ?
heading up there tonight if weather looks favorable ?
got racks on racks on racks<333 ah ! song is stuck in mah damnn head
ohmygoodness . ..you are the only couple i know like us . ..usually its the reverse! ! !
i got good sleep
" we're in a good place . . . " boozer don't make come back to chicago early just to ask you what the hell you're talking about . you're down 3-1 !
that article was reasonably well written but didn't mention increase of africanized honey bees we r seeing in central fla now
if audience is thinking it , you should be writing it .
o.o they did!!! ! eeeewwwww . gona have to talk to them bout this stuff then ! i dont get it
tear it up in los angeles for me tonite !
" what keeps me going is goals . " - mahummaad aliwordswordswords
thanks! ! it's what i do !
went to trader joe's and forgot my reusable bags *again* .
haha cool ! i love that movie :) have fun !
it's been too long for rogers customers . ;)
feelinq soo sleepy :s , this paella was good .
genius peppermint mocha idea . . other topic #inquiringminds what projects are focused on presently ?
you love those movies don't you ? :)
wordswordswords #onlinebusiness tip : when creating content be as unique and individual as you can .
. protects kids after parents separate/divorce w/online custody/parenting software.free to low income parents & courts .
it feels really good out side
this weekend drags .
game 2 in the books = send it
glad to see still patrolling the monon trail . great pr too . keep it up ,
so gibson was caught bc he acted a fool at wal-mart w blood on him . police searched his van and found female's severed breasts in glovebox .
2 fabulous restaurants , 1 brewery tour and two great friends - a perfect saturday !
oh man , do i understand that !
ppl thing the playoffs r like a reg season game . totally different it's we're u separate the men from boys .
" : only people who don't know facts cause issues #politics101 "
iowa gop sets the iowa caucus date for january 3rd ! stay tuned for reax on abc5 news on 10 !
in for the night yee yee
rockroll tonight ! rockroll tomorrow ! dayton , loovull , respectively ! we'll be working hard so you better be there !
great show last night with flatfoot 56!! ! thanks to all of you that came out and had a great time ! !
where i once saw weeds , i now see chicken feed .
and thank you for your support !
u.s . stocks ended near session highs tuesday ; dow and s&p logging their best rally in a month , helped by positive earnings reports .
what is twitter jail ! ?
#nflrookie advice : its okay to be nervous about measuring up to peers & veteran teammates . focus on performance to build your confidence .
reading magazines definitely makes you crazy . we're all a bunch of loons around here .
so what #bass you gonna get next ? curious minds need to know . . . :)
i'm starting to journal . it will be awesome to look back a few years from now and be able to see exactly what i was thinking and doing today
boi needs a director with current hands-on experience at similarly sized airport.ccdc director was chosen by ccdc not the city .
i need to go see american reunion . i always loved the american pie movies .
how did everyone like the yoga trial classes last night and this morning ? !
ugh ! i need something to do . . .
its always a debate , but for me some combination of guilt and optimism always wins , even though i've never been to saa
haha okay ! scott : that's wasn't a 400 ! haha yeah , yeah it was( :
there's always that if in life .
fair enough :) i am a writer . be warned , sometimes all i tweet are writing links . . . :)
if we lived in a world filled with drones . we would live in a boring place . in my world we create . in your world , you dissipate . sorry .
from the staff of the ucla fund to you and your family , happy thanksgiving! ! !
in touch !
oh well did you guys call ur house ?
optimizing the new site ! stay posted for updates !
differentiate fun from engagement . not always fun - to trivial a word . it's about flow and engagement . gee .
-- one of the best i have had (and i've had a lot) is the moustache ride red !
i should be free most of the day after 1 . let's catch up !
just because i have a couple bad habits doesn't mean i have an addictive personality .
any song covers coming up soon ?
smh not clutch on those key free throws my brother
thanks for following . hope to see at the opening may 19th
you can do it ! not unlike what you and did for writer's digest : take the meaty & compelling , but make it fun .
who does she think she is . .
they're just so yummy !
no more chances or fux are going to be given . new life motto , it's gonna be lived how i want . this applies to everything .
tonight at expo5 puts boots to asses on the smooth one . . . #mr200% no regret no surrender
3am was early but worth it . been with oscar for the last few hours & just got back to house of hope after taking kids to school
whether he was joking or not , it still struck a nerve . . .
you can tell who the junior anchor us , because she's the one who has to hold the microphone in these tandem interviews .
what is this ipad you speak of ? never heard of it .
love morning benders ! nice .
couldn't tell , 2 much patchouli . . . rt : met someone that uses emacs that doesn't reek of bo and old cheesecake ? me neither .
you know you gettin old when you can't wait til bedtime !
over and back last night in the rain . cars on the bridge were at a dead stop - must have been thinking . " who is that idiot on the water "
lol working but im back
that was the saddest debate that i've ever seen .
their sons are languishing behind bars in despair & pain but they don't care . with their cars , houses & bling-blings , they like it like that
btw ball to poland love
i need to find a good twitter app bcuz #tweetcaster on my iphone dnt give notifications n #echofon dnt have twitlonger smh
my dad is so silly xd
woke to my sunshine
teaching w/ technology allows more collaboration , enables students from all backgrounds , of all learning styles , to have access
i'm hungry
woodfish with zoso (led zeppelin tribute) at the starland ballroom on saturday feb 19th ! get tickets now at www.woodfishmusic.com
rick is awesome !
" university of maryland university college " really really wants us know that they're a university . really
wanna have a beer with me ?
oh noes ! we let twitter feed get a bit dusty while working on a secret project . never fear , #dareproject 20 chatter will start in march .
ice cube in coors light commercial . . . #howlowdoyougo #wtf #really ?
amazing ! we will all bust out in the dougie if you play it . toot it and boot . ..also a great selection . what up from the office !
today is #thanksfornothing day !
happy sunday soror !
i want a cake ball now ! lol .
i hope the predators have enough offense.i think our goalie is actually better than king henrik and we have better defense .
if it takes more than a minute to think up a retort , save it .
almost watched that last night , how was it ?
maybe you should quit submitting your tweets as short stories then .
yaah me too x | idk why i can't sleep rt" : sure :d me too -_- i cant sleep -_- "
go saints !
happy born day to my beautiful baby girl who turned 11 today ! she's excited ; i , on the other hand , might have a nervous breakdown .
i wanna knw how many april babies i got on my tl , so if ur b-day is this month # retweet:) #team aries an taurus_
true . i love you austin . please rt mee !
goin to my last college class ever! ! wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
goddammit where is my masterpiece theatre
the beauty of music is always in what is said . . .
yayyy is yi hooking you up ? :d
can't help but notice how popular pack defense is becoming . we r blessed in wis to have so many great coaches in recent memory !
let the great world spin for ever down the ringing grooves of change . -lord tennyson
sounds good . i won't be able to stay long b/c of the pup .
cheese ravioli and salad and bread sticks at olive garden before a long day at work
i'm all by myself , as i've always felt .
get at me please . need to setup interview . thanks
i'm thirsty . ..but the kitchen is stupid far
wait , did you just say something nice about tt ?
just like a shoe , if someone is meant for you , they will fit perfectly . no forcing , no struggling , and no pain .
what are your predictions for shabazz and noel today ? kentucky for both ?
win , lose , lose , win ! break even day . last win of the day , raiders of the lost ark on the big screen .
why are you being harsh and embarrassed about it . own it , live it , don't be shy or you're just frontin '
is really stinkin ' *hilarious*
we need to hang out again before you leave or something
congrats to the big 10 a's on capturing their first bay league championship w/ 6-5 comeback win vs mr roberts . big 10 score 3 in bottom 7th !
i love you too :)
true born records x
pizza , soda , and tons of great improv in the dct tonight . we're hosting so come on by !
wordswordswords tough love .
at trek ! the wait us over .
chef special : blackened scallops with tomato , basil , and mozzarella salad.$21.95
i wanna walk around or something lol
hi , bud . follow more people and get your numbers up . tweeting all day to the same 62 people won't help your cause enough .
will carry this team to the promise land
a great way to brighten your day is read the tweets that you saved to " favorites "
i wouldn't call it bad taste as much as i would bad juju . ..but i'm superstitious like that .
dear : i'm not a fan of the redesign! ! please go back to the way it was before , k thanks .
whoa whoa easy
terrible pk's and solid goalkeeping by neuer . ramos blast it over the goal .
is baking my traditional holiday lemon squares per my family's request ! hm . ..the house smells lemony !
birthday tweet
i really hope it doesn't rain today .
i don't know what that means , brother . but you know what i do know ? the conservative government can't be trusted with money !
sounds like you had a great weekend . hope you're enjoying the sun today !
hahaha . not sure if he gonna make it .
headed to midtown for burger night ? we've got some great horney toad and great burgers !
yes i . have two copies of that album would you like one !
i appreciate the support and retweets .
bloggers & kids take shaq way too seriously . nothing worst than writers getting offended for players they don't even know .
when i first watched the movie , the same thing happened 2 me c' :
if you're gonna act like people are there to ruin your day rather than take food orders , just quit your job & go home . #ohare reggio's c22
tina needa perm her weave . lol
rt if you have already gotten your edc tickets in !
rtwho hasn't whitlock criticized ? . . . whitlock's good . he's smart . but sometimes he writes about things he doesn't know well .
you know that's right !
well its a great fukkin song !
why is mary matalin on tv right now . . did they run out of people to call in for commentary ?
wtf kinda dj is that ! if a girl stay wet umm thats a problem ! lmao !
can i buy a boyfriend in ebay ? :d xd
that's so badass !
nice ! i totally could have used that a few months ago !
: a note to our packers players - beat the hell out of da bears . show cutler it was mistake to join the nfc north .
" : yes . you know i love to cook for you . <3 " and only mee of course<3 :]
im waiting on you
pch traffic is awful tonight
i love when my tribe has
had a wonderful night ! :) dancing away<3
yeah , and it's showing the one " simple abstract" . i would love that one . i really love your abstract work gina
earthquake just disrupted our alumni board meeting !
denver misses you too ! qt : haven't seen the sun in 2 weeks
so confused on what to do . . .
couldn't have said it better myself . i . love . you . and would you really ? ! i'll bring $ to club for ya .
wordswordswords : i just want the old you . pleasewordswordswords
yeah i'm not doing this worksheet
az beerfest ! come by the tailgate beer tent !
a women who relies on her mind and not her looks is wifey material . that's rare these days . lot females wanna be model and looking for a dad
thanks for the follow ! i hope you enjoy !
almost done getting the new and improved triskelion sociity shop up . limited edition coffee mug will be for sale .
anyone looking forward to see #smash on ? will there be a twin #suesylvester ?
told ya we made some changes :) did you use the nextbus tracking technology ?
roth is a great speaker !
who are you people
caved in and created a twitter account . why ? because said so !
leave it at a coffee shop . i'm sure someone will find a use for it .
rt : how did you come up with your rapper name ? >>christ showed me who i am as his follower , a true disciple of god
says " awful facility for large crowds . line out door and hearing room overfull #savekcmetro "
fresh blueberries & macadamia nuts . an exquisite snack pairing .
if i was your boyfriend id never let you go
halle berry is beautiful but i used to and still think jada is the most beautiful of them all lol
see u tomorrow coach . thanks
good morning ! i have a question for you this morning . what memory does the gifts you give create ? memorable or forgettable ?
have you attended our bi-weekly user groups ? what suggestions do you have for items you'd like to see ? tweet @ us & let us know your ideas !
oh ok ic well i'm trying lol
saying this now . i'm sorry if i get an attitude
thanks a lot bro .
wordswordswords : what radio station were you listening to ? wordswordswords i'm not certain but it was local to dc .
thanks for liking my page ! lots of fun posts coming soon while this blonde tries to figure out social networking ;)
not to early for 7 year olds to start tweeting , with supervision and or a intra tweet app , kids are not relating to each other ,
did you know that mke now has seven irish dance schools ? and we will have all of them , plus an 8th , dancing in the parade !
i withdraw my vote and second this .
how would i go about sending you a press release regarding the upcoming 2012 glasgow council elections ? thank you !
i just ate a significant amount of pizza . . . i've enriched your lives with this knowledge , you're welcome .
love it keepem coming . . . . .
i should have a guitar back in my hands by the end of the month . and i've been starved of music so i will be posting on youtube frequently .
got munchies ? can't move ? . . . .btownmenus.com has all your answers ! check us out for exclusive meals , deals , and more !
he who provides for this life but takes no care for the next is wise for a moment but a fool forever
mtv movie awards . . . ..o ya
had a blast today in kohler with my lil buddy , best friend & his fam . good day + great people =
hope the photo group meeting went well , tc !
just changed my twitter name from to because i feel like i need more hometown twitter buds lol
a charming theory . ..except that i was nowhere near the light switch . the mice did it .
are we going to make it to 2012 or is obama going to destroy the usa before he gets out of office hes doing hes best to .
her love her some snooky
i want to know the dhs worker who thought " oh these two kids have signs of abuse but the other four kids should be fine . "
you're mom should be happy you arent going . . . maybe should took crazy pils
your own virtual art department at the is a click away! ! !
awesome time hanging w/ and troy . i think they need to move to tucson . . . just sayin'!! ! i know wouldn't mind :)
so excited about the original houston flamenco festival ! never to be duplicated ! launched 2010 !
let us stay young or let us live forever
just read that bee gees singer robin gibb is in a coma . that's sad . insert " stayin ' alive " joke here .
ok cool
yea have terrible headache too
the was launched in 2010 at the fifa world cup in south africa
i love you . here's to maximum income for you , with minimum clean up fees .
studying for your math 3c midterm ? feeling stressed ? come to the math 3c review from 6pm-9pm today !
thanks for the add . great sound , plus we have a song called fine shined shoes , and just liked the sound of your name .
" if you can ad , make today count!"wordswordswordsdelano johnson embrace your creativity!wordswordswords ;-)
is 10:10 too early for lunch ?
it's really easy for people who do not have to rely on shows for cooperation to take that stance . and really unfair .
we first make our habits , and then our habits make us . " - john dryden
your article rocked , thanks !
no problem !
pre- #cinco #de #mayo parties are about to hit your way . what an awesome celebration .
5:00 today | nau 101 youngmin kim on language , literature , and culture of korean subjectivity
ok great ! !
awesome ! that was so funny and you look great ! very insightful . have fun this weekend !
congrats chrissssssy ! so happy for you ! you deserve it girl ! next year is going to be wonderful :)
there is a very easy way to return from a casino with a small fortune : go there with a large one
they are equal in calories . honey has trace amounts of nutrients , though .
the livephish stream from msg is pretty cool
was that loud thunder i just heard in #nyc ?
these words you are saying ; i know them and i didn't even have to look them up first . :p
hey so we go on at 7:45 tonight hope to see everybody here !
light travels faster than speed ; this is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak .
rt : can't stop thinking about that chocolate bacon donut . turned my frown upside freaking down . best boss eva
hahaha not funny !
" creativity is piercing the mundane to find the marvelous . " (bill moyers) in our #webcontent #writing , we work to make every subject
- just fyi , your facebook ads work . this program really fascinates me as someone who wants to use tech for social good
brendan never called . . . . . . . .
i love this view! ! i want to come visit you just because of this photo . ..and i miss you ! hehe xoxo
wordswordswords constantly looping in my head now thanks to my iphone wordswordswords bubble pop electric by gwen stefani & johnny vulture
i dont believe anything i see on the interwebz . its all about real life . i'm not talking about assets either , i mean the type of peson you r
i hate school . anybody else ?
oh my god i found my world geography teacher on twitter hahahaha this is why i love him .
why is rebecca black trending ?
hope to have a great night & even better day tomorrow & yes i am blonde with blue eyes . . nightynight ;)
inge on booing " this is an emotional city , this is a city that will back u & they want the team 2 win & when their not they will let u know "
video up soon
now that is an interview i'll be waiting for with bated breath !
hahaha ! take that , virginity .
lmfao u should of put ya verse . in
you have no proof
it's not a sprint , it's a marathon .
today was a pretty good day !
i swear its like that on every campus
yes , of course . see you then .
you guys i need four more followers to have 800 followers( : help me out please ? !( : hahaha well pretty good day today<3
" forward , keep falling forward . the timing's right , you shouldn't fight it , just be delighted . " ::reid jamieson::the unavoidable truth: :
for real ?
my heart hurts for slexie & i haven't really watched grey's all season ! must catch up ! i don't think my heart can take it , though . wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
what if justin starts shuffling with lmfao lol i'd die
oh so now , you're playing ? i'm all chill and you go off and call me a hoe ? and you call it playing around ? yep . that's cool
i'm coming in on tues a/m . and would love to connect . text me .
wtf is my cat doing ?
i think allen west's tweets do not respect any word's individual sovereignty of their actual meanings .
starting my night full of meetings . . . im so ready for this weekend come and be over already !
lots of people are doing things at southern pacific brewing company now ? haven't been there yet tho
quotes : leadership is doing what is right when no one is watching . wordswordswords george van valkenburg
. . u r very late my dear lol but its all good lol . .
custom harleys at thunder in the valley : one of the best motorcycle rallies starts today in pa
aw thanks rudy!! ! :) made my night
wow , enjoy . walking through the goldeneye backyard/vineyard is a treat .
he's been a rocket for like 30 minutes & he's quickly becoming one of my favorite rockets ever . rt : camby is a monster
sometimes u just have to break the rules for fun :)
happy yesterday was st . patrick's day
i've been told i'm like a furnace under the covers :d so much body heat
damn shame . . . . .
good question
woohoo let's do it !
gotta say , im sold on my first round of booze . . . they just made me an alcoholic capri sun .
no , only because the furniture was already arranged that way from the beginning !
#kids texas virtual academy meet-n-greet at mountasia family fun center , mon , may 14 6:00p : please join us at mountasia famly fun center . . .
our 1000th follower , , who loves kiss108fm just as much as she loves adam lambert . thanks mary for listening! ! :)
the aig bonuses : the pr perfect storm www.publicrelationsla.wordpress.com
i was just discussing this issue with a colleague yesterday . funny that i'm re-reading this again now .
lincoln : " in giving freedom to the slave , we assure freedom to the free . . we shall nobly save or meanly lose the last , best hope of earth .
have fun , great day for it
yes , very soon ! are you involved with the industry or know someone who is ? we'd love to chat !
time 4 something new ? " tribal energy cardio, " a contemporary workout , combines african-style dances & rhythms w/ a full-body cardio workout
#saysomethin is infinitely stuck in my head . kthanksbye ( :
if you are ever in long island ny theres a place that sells table games and arcade cabinets
a skylit drive tonight , oushafest 2012 tomorrow , gorilla music showcase saturday , and ice nine kills on monday . so stoked .
on page four -took the necessary baking break . only a little bit more , i hope it gave me the energy to get it wrapped up !
tutu still not at home . i pray that she not dead .
yeah , the est list looked killer ! so awesome . how was weekend1 ?
hey gurl love your style lol nice job on skyscrapper( :
haha that's something you'll be saying more of ;)
lmao like we did some p90x . .
" conspicuous gallantry . " what most men wouldn't give to have those two words associated with their name .
obvious (or should be) fact : there is no better marketing for a tech vendor than an enthusiastic customer that can articulate its value !
yes ! i had a professor that rambled on the problem statements he wrote for homework !
bought a new eos lip balm . :) i got the green one this time .
#ff our annual award winners :
i'm just happy it's not another condo complex .
closing that store was a grave error .
rt #zodiacfacts you will never meet a #capricorn who was afraid of hard work in order which to achieve what they want in life .
i need something to do!!!!!! ! being bored is the absolute worst . wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
john spencer blues explosion this am . blues everywhere! ! !
i feel high . . . . but i'm not .
hm we will think about it too ! we love crunchies !
tomorrow @ 7pm . be on this page .
that happend to me last night :/
maybe i care about the wrong people !
watching a lunar eclipse
at broadway cafe , thinking about racing leaves in the gutter down broadway . .
#friday13th my lucky day !
we took a break :] i'm ok . ..i guess
" all is very good in love , but with people it becomes soup " what a beautiful show , but bring your prozak
perfect ! he should win cuz well it's obvious .
god morning tweeps! ! have a happy and safe 4th of july ! !
yay ! more stress :d
$nasv going hard after breaking .01 ! looks like .0125 is the first resistance . looking to break it asap !
lamar odom just doesn't look right in a mavs uniform . ..he body language is terrible and he clearly doesn't want to be there . bring em back h
rt : i just broke my natural born killers dvd in half . omg my life is over that sucks
tomorrow , enjoy some frozen yogurt at and they will give 20% of all dollars spent to plnu athletics .
lol tell me about it .
hope you got an a parking pass , which by the way isn't a permit so much as a license to hunt for a parking spot ! where is your office ?
diva photos to leave you breathless
u already know just give me the word ! !
we know - argentina & holland are getting put on our list .
**the rock and i**
how old are your students ? most of us appreciate a well turned ankle .
new condom slogan : wrap it in latex or she's gonna get your paychecks . "
i learned today that #userexperience is more formally known as human computer interaction or #hci in the education community .
so excited to see tomorrow evening at seminole hard rock !
while you're there can you get me like $100 bucks out ? :)
f*ck what anyone thinks , do what makes you happy becuz ur awesome
thanks joe . in a word , no . nothing but silence out there . some new albums coming out soon . stay tuned .
been waiting 45 minutes for my computer to start up . . . going to be a good day at work . . . .
exactly 50 days till hilton head
i think the real question is has anyone ever froze their laptop on purpose ?
lmao rt : celtics < me tryin to get full off a happy meal
dear high maintenance baby fussing in the jumperoo : who are you and what have you done with my son ? ! . . .
hello everyone , i'm glad you survived .
only being able to breathe/hear out of onside of your body ! <<< the feeling is unbarrable .
yea i'm in san juan puerto rico speaking spanish
merry christmas mahomies( :
" it's like drinking delicious air "
sounds riveting for that over 65 crowd .
my new fav word is gumption
china has the worldwordswordswordss oldest calendar . this lunar calendar originated in 2600 b.c . and has 12 zodiac signs . it takes 60 years to complete .
i reeeeeealy should be cleaning my dirty house , but i must make penny jewelry . ..out of desire and necessity (orders to fill) ! :)
i just realized my facebook and twitter were connected anymore . i guess the twitter world has been missing out
and by ' rematch ' i meant ' replay '
darn , how did i miss seeing you ? :( hope you had a fun #bashh !
my man has been there since 95 . i swear a dude got shot across the street at like 2am . the cops didn't come for almost an hour . smh
haha noone can talk in movies . its not okay .
that's da bomb .
thanks for the message ! yeah . . my job is pretty cool . not going to lie ! go canucks . . .
oh ok thats good :-)
headed to see if dj p is really playing records on 39th .
. . . mine always has full battery lol
virgins rush past to london liaison on glorious spring day washed clean by yesterdays rain ; yellow fields demonstrate fertility renewed .
on the upside , it's so nice to have the day off .
i never want to be a bad person , but i just know what i dont need in my life . shutting you out is one of them .
wait , what ? ! ? ! ? #wherecanihear ? rt listening to a rough cut of the new kingsizemaybe song
flatted three times on this morning's ride . . . what a way to kickoff the day . need to restock the tube supply .
agree . he also took another life . rt : friends don't let jackasses drink and drive .
liberals just downt geyt it ! being rich is hard work !
what time
extraordinarily so . . . rt : newt = fundamental loser
ethan rafuse speaking on lincoln and the conduct of the war in the house of representatives chamber , old state capitol , springfield . . .
that's two raven players we picked up for defense
travel , think in terms of " ing " experiences . ballooning , paddleboarding , cycling . . .
it's a great pic of members of the #tpw family ! thank you for sharing ! :)
why am i tired . ?
it is bbq monday ! no better way to kick off the week then at the cow ! giddy up !
i'm sorry to see this tweet . hang in there . hopefully tomorrow will be better !
inside job
boo just got into a thinking it was a #fiesta and it's not ! cc
i'm just putting it out there she told me today she's not set to attend any . please do check it out .
van horn . but for all that is good and holy in this world i beg of you never to visit that vile land .
we will figure it out girl !
listened to that during my 5 am drive
will do . thanks .
this line is crazy long for #kingcake ! at #haydelsbakery !
i'm going to implode !
just saw your episode of criminal minds . ..and you weren't the bad guy ! : )
lol i had no idea that was my form when i was running
great to see it . you were actually my very 1st follower back in 2008 . still trying to break thru 2k . : i'm still kicking ! :)
it's 10:13- is the pre-sale code posted ? i can't find it on the website . . .
today is my 15th birthday and i love you so so so much ! will you please follow me back ? ! <3 :) 96
once i pin down one more viognier this week - we will rock this #viognier tasting at misswineoh hq . who wants in ?
sorry if i'm spamming your twitter feed :( i hope you go to coachella in the near future ! hella worth it !
thanks my brotha . . . .hope you're dominating the dance floor my friend !
richtofen sim v.1 and wolf scribe sim v.1 . ..i'll post pictures later *yawn*
just working at a radio station its amazing! ! i love it ! you excited for the weekend ? x
you're no good for me,but baby , i want you,i want you .
tears will get you sympathy . sweat will get you results .
thanku ;) much love~
so the west memphis 3 was recently released due to reasonable doubt , but there is more reason to prove troy davis's innocence .
argh . i should have done it , too .
i'm fat and i'm on my way to #fridaycoffeeclub !
he's trying to make a case that the vote/plan is because of nclb only .
trying to fix the coloring on my twitter profile !
#ff our awesome neighbors -
let's follow 4 follow . will help support eachother ? try the site on my profile for mass free promotion .
#idol - sadly i missed phillip's second song . will youtube it later .
oh , you know , just getting ready to kick some sabre-butt , that's all .
i'll see you soon , enjoy dessert
a little rain never hurt anyone , just a little , no more than an hour ! hopefully it dries up before pays me a visit - excited
i need proof . i don't believe it .
the artist won best picture . i think because it's the only movie with a dog as a main cast member . shout out to
" : thanks people for the support, " ill be coming out thurs . good to see so much support on the road .
so is presentation ! rt texture is as important as flavor .
i'm not a fan of the wife beater under dress shirts . i wear undershirts to hold off sweat . wife beaters don't do that .
ahh look at this , call waiting . ..well you just tell the mayor he just lost 6 votes !
just dance forever
those " friends " that are only your friend when they need something .
i hear ya,howz everything ?
ur god damn right
#medeco - 4th question : how did the medeco biaxial angles get their names ? hint : angle names are k , m , b , d , q , and s
#icantwaitfor my chance to get my license !
thanks for the mention rt
you know lol
i spent $154 on junk food smh . i didn't get anything 4 dinner but the boys will b happy
truth ! rt many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up ~ t . edison
yes - in sadness , in joy , and things in between . rt : have you ever cried with a patient ?
a www :( there's a sneak peek look at it :-)
hey ! thanks i really appreciate it :)
the up all night tour dvd is leaked on youtube asdfghjkhlgdj i'm so tempted to watch it
i like these glen campbell covers better than the originals .
deep breath
getting ready to head down to blue dust for some smoked seafood and troegs beers . trust me the smoked oyters are killer . starts around 7 .
eleanor brown : need to prioritize service - at cornell , means putting onsite users 1st ; other researchers 2nd ; other communities 3rd
wonderful ! i'm reading taken now , enjoying it .
we hope so too ! rt : - i hope to make it back to balboa park to see you again !
i'm glad you can forgive me , because i can't forgive myself .
discovering who you really are is one of life's continuous journeys . . .
awesome , will post after 3 when i am on air !
i loved that line !
so excited my wonder woman , batman , batgirl , and superman bookmarks have been shipped from #ala . can hardly wait #yep,i'mageek
we need more live tweets and the head of the union feels he is inadequately compensated . . .
crawling in a hole until this game is over .
not yet . . . .and from his play i'm hoping not at all .
right ? i can hardly believe it myself .
#celtics win ! wow , probably no business winning that one which makes it even better !
put 100 points on hosmer's ba & other percentages are almost acceptable . of course , if gramma had wheels she'd be a wagon
as i write , highly civilized human beings are flying overhead , trying to kill me
can i please get a follow back ?
you can't make a plant grow , you can create the environment but the plant grows itself . . . . . .(kids and teachers)
why do you have a diesel engine on that truck you only drive around the neighborhood ?
though paddington bear gets high marks in yorkshire for his thrift and skeptical attitude
what do you want to know how to do to make your living room better for the holidays this year ?
it's odd , but i can't say it isn't stannis . it's heavily implied , but i'm surprised the series makes it so obvious .
k enoughh tweetin on a mission so catch yall later . . live,love,laugh out loud . . . .
rickie fowler stands out like a guy in an orange prison jumpsuit while 1,000s celebrate mom's day & breast cancer awareness in pink .
the tigers just lol'd gomez around the bases .
i'm on news saturday tomorrow . i'm previewing my tornado story along side as we talk about the partnership w/
i meant to give you $5 for gas but i forgot . next time
after i ate a sausage , i was told it wasn't fully cooked . i am not excited to see how this plays out . . .
tough night for most new england college hockey teams in the ncaa tournament . good luck next year to bu , maine , and umass lowell .
did u select ur twitter name 2 reflect your #gop agenda&policies= rob way= #gop rob from americans 2 get their way !
isnt that called beef jerky ?
wordswordswords : " umm , has turned into the girl version of scott stapp " - wordswordswords
#confessionnight . . . . uh oh y'all .
well , he's currently beating me up from the inside . :) 11 weeks to go . how are you and tom ?
how do people read thoughtmakers/feed on twitter efficiently ? check it all day ? only 10 min . 3x/day ? recommendations ?
angie you r beautifully gorgeous
#pca kelly is very beautiful
what's that dangling between elise's legs ? .
watching never say never while i do my work
you wasn't shooting with me in the gym
of course !
its not me its just everyone else . . . . .
thanks for the continued brain food . would love to meet up sometime soon , let me know if anything sends you this way !
spray is money in the bank nowadays ! just ask your ' jersey shore ' brother (that's me)! ! !
the new one off exit four
i miss the old degrassi .
just diverted to providence - why is jfk such a pain ?
confiscated a redbull from the breakroom like a fiend . ..first day back after surgery , working @ 7am post gm launch
finally home and away from the crazy christmas shoppers and even crazier holiday drivers
the people you care about most in life are always taken away from you way too soon !
so excited for #lifegroups to start 2nite! ! they're gonna be amazing! ! get to one near you !
does accept monthly recurring donations ?
living in las vegas is like living on the sun but hotter . . .
yes lets hope 12-21-12 don,t spoil it for all of us
idk , yet , i'll figure something out .
funny you say that . . . tonight a random fan was told to leave the media lounge by the 70 y/o woman attendant . . . so he says . .
i love it when teachers are really open about the possible failings of their pedagogies , thinking of complex reasons with us .
stop making fun of local baltimore dj slash . . . .too funny ! by the way , when are you hitting the road bono ?
agree . there were some good ideas at wordswordswordsregulatory relief daywordswordswords , & great to eliminate unnecessary & costly burdens on small biz .
: good book for anyone wanting to market a product in the us right now . value is not as important as the appearance of value
l think its for kids not for dogs :-)
rachel world is filled with anything and everything!!! ! !
why people be spellin like this ? they put you in english class for a reason . ' 'diszz shiid isz whadd i khall swaqq'' . seriously ? lmao
#dailyquote : " the average dog is a nicer person than the average person . " - andrew a . rooney
yes , and if you can dance , we may give you a chance to be in it . stay tuned .
omg 92 on my math test ? when has that ever happened ? :) :)
debbie adler , of sweet debbie's organic cupcakes , speaks at food allergy & anaphylaxis network meeting in westlake village , may 2 @ 7 p.m .
hey how is tomorrow looking for coming back ? ! ? <3
play and failure can be the same . like !
big things happen when you sign a strategic partnership with nbc . polling ftw
i hate this feeling . i feel like i'm forgetting something and needing to catch up . my planner suggests that i should relax . lol
very tough task but if anyone deserves a tweet from it is you
me & kids just dont mix . im too impatient & impulsive .
nevermind . i found you now :)
hahahaha good luck !
you can't trust nobody in this world , not even your own shadow !
: totally . amazing how some twitter newbies get 20k visitors by tweeting random quotes and stuff .
the articulate claims to be , not so articulate
i hope everyone had a great thanksgiving !
loved every minute of our interview with
as they say , " friends don't let friends drink at starbucks! " :)
omg ! they got married lol 2funny
nice . . . .way to go
it's a matter of preference . the tech's way better , and is utilized much differently . either way , looks awesome .
the network is you-sing you .
love the jokes . msg me . would love to see u in dallas .
rhymewise , suggests " beryl & saul levitz, " which would totally work if you were writing an allan sherman song .
watch yourself now
looking forward to you adding some great local nyc places to the mix and sharing your experiences .
i wish frost killed crows like it does insects .
food fight on the mall = success
talkin to him makes me happy <3
*both ! " : *wing stopwordswordswords : i want boneless wings from apple bees ! :(wordswordswords "
hi brinks ! :)
yes on jewett
this sunday !
we've be practicing the art for 20 years , no less .
i have not got out of bed today except to eat and pee . i feel horrible .
learning why monsanto is evil . . . .
just finished working out , sippin on java headed to the mansfield tourney .
what u think about doin that sample 15 track for a show
you asked me to promise you , & i did . i plan on keeping the promise unless you don't want me to . it's your choice .
aldous huxley said : there's only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving , and that's your own self . coaching can help .
a business absolutely devoted to service will have only one worry about profits . they will be embarrassingly large . --henry ford
yes u will wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
currently jammin ' to marvin gaye . ..i could listen to this man all day . ..wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
i could find a ya title that would do same thing , but this mg title , wonder , has the whole package i'm seeking .
itwordswordswordss not really spring until #themasters starts .
today : treat age spots and melasma with kligman's formula ! one of our most popular compounds . call 412-681-6400 now to find out more ! www .
so glad i stumbled upon the show . changed my perspective forever
for your urban pop and geek culture needs , you have to follow
no alcohol , no tv , & no $ . . . this weekend is going to suck!! ! !
we are not registered but hope to partner with the johns hopkins foundation which is registered charity .
a million thanks to our friends for graciously hosting the meetup last night !
you're not going to rap your way into his will . you have to be obedient to him & his word .
huge day of college lax (bummed gonna be away from online feed until pm) . best of luck to our acc brethren #tarheels and
thendusr podcast will be postponed until wednesday this week due to two finals tommorow wish him luck !
when you're #grateful , a whole new world appears right in front of you . promise .
wordswordswordslive by the spirit of faith.wordswordswords
hahaha nope , but i'm guessing it came in ?
he died when austin was 16 months old :( , but i dont know how he died
out century 3
bright house is god awful ! knight and packer fan in orlando! ! !
whats the email bro
actually feeling good , no real soreness at all . then again , that's my status - i'm sure others might not be so lucky as me .
so has everyone finished their christmas shopping ? i have a few more gifts to buy , and also have to make cookies for neighbors , too .
how do you bake " ends meet " ?
must battle boss friday to the death before i can hang with princess saturday .
the art of facial"sculpting " without surgery . natural results you can believe in ! skintastic.com a leader in the refreshed look 972-620-3223
been there , done that . ..guess i will have to sleep .
i like it , it can be stressful but rewarding . :)
str8 like that
only 2 places in bible , 1 old test , 1 new . 100's of passages on adultery , divorce & remarriage . why r those legal ? romans 12:14-18
hey what about the 18 yrs old lol i love the show more than the 6-11 yrs old
perhaps it's time to come over to the dark side . . . .google phone
thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle , and the life of the candle will not be shortened . happiness never decreases by . . .
a nice hot shower sounds good right now . followed by a sleeping pill . . . .and some music .
how many ppl should i expect want to join in a google+ hangout tomorrow 1 pm about #mhblogday ? trying to keep expectations in check .
you have louis tumblr , getting hate for not giving it out ? to the people who want it : if you want it so bad find it yourself .
spot trending now in los angeles , ca : espn zone - sports bar (live updates)
it's my pleasure . thx for checking out my tl , i like to keep it interesting . look forward to tweeting with you:-)
do you forget there is a huge world out there that is begging for you to get out and see it
i just love going to work in a bad mood
a woman that loves her mother will cherish her mate . . and vise versa :)
i actually almost had an arguement about differences between " evil " and badass
wordswordswords : i'd rather be a failure in something that i love than a success in something that i hate . -george burnswordswordswords
and hes 3 years younger than my step dad . . .
i needed a laugh before my surgery . thanks !
mission : probable
great monday
big love to our guests tonight on the sunday night shakedown on 98.9 the buzz ! thanks for listening !
i'd watch those oscars!wordswordswords : okay , already . i'll produce the oscars . but only if i can have host . #gayestoscarseverwordswordswords
let's see some pgh , minimal nutsack though haha
possibly no spots left , but send any ideas our way for sure !
inbox me on fb !
thanks for stopping by ! congrats on the mayorship :-)
but together is fine , lol . are you talking about arron ? ;-)
forbes thought of the day wordswordswords our aspirations are our possibilities . wordswordswords wordswordswords robert browning
i want that link .
texas family law tip of the day : post-divorce spousal support , or alimony , is rare in texas but it is possible under certain circumstances .
happy #ff to my 500th follower ! ! also :
run maint , nozel cleaning up to ten times . i had dry ink plug up mine .
sorry to hear about this . which direction were you going ? also , make sure you are using the most recent schedule dated 4/8/2012 .
depends , if the clips knock off the grizz this is bigger . roy's last hurrah was sentimental , but mavs won the ' chip .
where do i get one of those ? !
thanks for the follow , mark . your book sounds terrific .
bout to go in on this #mercy y'all ain't ready maaaaaannnnnn!!!! ! !
i love my momma happy mothers day wordswordswords
i'm beyond tired . i'm going to bed bri . goodnight :)
i'm on
thanks ! located in seattle wa
any1 know any good songs to listen to on youtube
had to get a new phone . ..evo 3d . not much of an upgrade but it'll do .
bradleyaustinconnor buy now bulk plaster gauze- 4 inches x 270- plaster gauze
patriots = #winning !
it's a general rule of thumb that nothing is for free . this is especially pertinent when relating to federal and state spending
i don't know how to work this contraption . .
did i just catch you on with rocking swimwear ? nice job .
happy mothers day to the beautiful women in the world my mother lesvia maldonado . . . i love you
please be safe tonight & have fun ! happy new year , everyone !
going back to bed because i have no life .
had another engagement . so proud of my team . so glad you trained them all .
social media policy could set parameters regarding scheduled updates , staff-initiated posts , etc . it's gray area for now .
it's never too late to become the person you might have been
hope to see you back ! rt got to check out last night . the airline chicken with smoked corn gravy and fried . . .
not too many places serve black rice pudding . we like it better than mango w/ sticky rice . . .
lol i wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords that lol rt : if i need some i get the real thing lol u a mess!! ! !
planning out a cake for mem . day since it coincides with the boy's sister's birthday ; thinking lemon-angel with red wine glaze
thanks tom .
you're welcome ! we're opening up very soon at 953 w . diversey in lincoln park - next to the diversey brown line stop . hungry ?
ok i have no problem with that . yippie . when's the big day .
gr'ma just confessed that they told the kids the cat ran away when they were little . it really had been hit by a car .
hi judy , thank you for following ! have a great week ! !
alas , my city didn't make the top 10 list . and am surprised that dc isn't on there as well . oh well . . .
thanks for the retweets ! your china panel on the 24th looks stellar . be sure to send us a link to the recap !
welcome my boy josh alt to twitter ! he's seen the light . . . and ladies , he's hardcore vegan ! lol
excellent . thanks .
this rain is cray .
great 2 see the steelers utilizing all of our offensive weapons including the slant pass plays & polamalu is back ! looking good 4 playoffs !
it's thursday in augusta .
" : out tomorrow - final blog on non-ranger's fans views on fairer competition - and christian aid's view of rangers "
ty for the mention !
please release #hyrulehistoria in english ! you won't regret it !
many thanks ! that was fun to unravel .
hall and oates was on wednesday and it was epic . both were there .
i thought you might
she stay #under me cuz she kno dat the only one over me is #god !
the older you get and with the more people you lose , the holidays will continue to be harder every year . .
#ijustwannasay i am extremely jealous of those shoes
i can get them ? which one are you looking at ?
what to bring home as a souvenir from oslo . . . a troll or woolen underwear ?
it's my birthday today and i would love it if u would follow me or at least wish me a happy birthday ! ? :)
- thank you !
i love it bebes
lol yeah , i would wear like mid-thigh jean shorts from ae , and a 1d shirt and sperrys probably . lol , i go casual .
i thought you died man
nothing says " i'm not a productive member of society " quite like a grown ass man riding a bike meant for a 10 year old girl .
[welcome new member]the pikes peak or rodeo website is open for busine . . .
i can't wait to see baylor's women's basketball team tonight . that guy griner is badass !
yeah it is making me sleepy
i was simply suggesting you look at advertising on website . lots of readership and a daily dose of cycling humor
thanks for reading ! mt : nice write-up yesterday on the whp funding debate . clarified a few details i didn't know .
project captured's photo booth for the launch party is going to be pretty awesome . ;)
did i mentioned that i'm a #sixers fan . . . . . well just making sure yall remember !
booty tweet !
kiss me i'm irish! ! !
55% of people yawn within 5 minutes of seeing someone else yawn . reading about yawning makes most people yawn . #odd facts
twitter is so messy today
spending the evening cooking and sharing stories with the best woman i know ! there's no where else i'd rather be . #ilovemynana wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
if you always do what you have always done , well : you are not changing . step back from your wagon and make some new choices .
#lintonandassociates wants to wish everyone a very happy easter !
jordan jansen i love you .
every single player for the patriots is choking right now except tom brady but he'll be blamed for it .
we are an online startup that is selling ties :) thesilktie.com
ur rite lol , its still funny though
rocking bamboo tonight with special guests !
hahaha man . . . ..thanks doc . . . .you back there mackin on that bass . . .
. . . . . ..someone bring me more jameson .
i wanna feel the heat with somebody
road trip ! see you all in florida after a quick 24 hours behind the wheel .
i will lose my mind if spielberg makes jurassic park iv happen
i just have to say , warped tour was amazing . if it hasnt come to your area yet , plan on going . you wont regret it . <3
i had to retire after i didn't win a pva . desk job called . but ok , mission-make-people-aware-of-the-ladies is on .
i gave up . #house and me yelling at the neighbor kids is more exciting than
crazy bastard
next nwabp meeting thursday 10/29/09 . speaker will be kent smith from s.c.o.r.e .
learn to be comfortable with yourself first before you start giving yourself away to others .
i know ! if you are ever looking for help tasting in cleveland , i'd be happy to volunteer :-)
pretty much . rt : goproud email : " romney message to goldwater conservatives : drop dead "
gucci mane has the most crustiest lips :^(
fever has subsided , but i still feel a bit run down .
what's sunday ?
two days after christmas break and already thinking about summer
happy new's years eve , everyone , be safe tonight , we'll see you next year , caliburr records
direct someone to shoot you doing some fist-bumping with someone . ' straight on ' then ' on top & below' . good work !
yes , for sure ! rt : same here man . craziness . all good though . let's connect when you get back
i met a old guy named rudy today !
the account was loving brought to you by he may be available for hire for your conference too !
it's obvious that the #sfgiants bullpen needs to start drinking
why education is so important : " sicsors " was written on a legal form .
so . . . i think i need a longer vacation . 3 days is not enough of a summer getaway . .
or scott suggs
#inappropriatefuneralsongs beyonce " best thing i never had "
yoooo he just got off like wtf
stuffed animal sleepover may be the most adorable preschool programming of all time .
omg justin changed his icon ! :)
i have been super busy lately not much on line time
thank justin for not rt my post but happy 18th birthday
woo hoo ! printable evanced calendars are possible in drupal .
ive found wine or a good stiff drink solves that!! ! rt : insomnia strikes again . wonder how long i'll be awake tonight . . . .
an ass is but an ass , though laden with gold .
you don't need more time just use what you have more efficiently ! coach terry
cheers to weekend ! anyone trying a new beer ?
hang on a second ! !
it's one of those days where every song sounds extra good!! ! wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
rt : t3 the importance of advance care planning is clearly our passion , how do we as a community inspire others & engage in
i was referring to more serious things . but thanks for letting me know about your wart . i really wanted to know that . . haha
well thank u , i'll let her know .
depends how old the mini van is and i guess how long the guy has been living in his mom's basement .
borrowing my friend's behemoth desktop pc for a while since i've been without one for almost 2 years .
watching robin hood:men in tights
i hate inconsiderate people
crazy what you can learn from a book . . . i used to think only life can teach you life . . . not always
did you hear there is a kinda popular football game on tv right now ? :)
here's to the late fenway park announcer , carl beane ! true class act . #redsox need to win this game in his honor . go sox !
even though itwordswordswordss mifflin , thatwordswordswordss not an excuse to be drunk and disorderly .
takes extraordinary restraint to watch #drphil and not scream " you idiots thought it a good idea to solve your problems on national tv ? "
this is a tweet i want to send to just linkedin if i'm not in hootsuite
your mom ! lmao! ! !
^es music camp for teens , private lessons for all ages , music workshops , artist development , piano lessons . . . .need i say more . . .
season 7 airs tonight !
what's so wrong with complimenting someone on their chest size ! ? !
+1 #getjimmyontwitter : we'll drag jimmy in at some point . enjoy movienight . "
call me lame but i am only 100 tweets away from 1000 haha
al madrigal says he had no idea what a train wreck is .
i feel like i just did the worst thing possible . .
love the photo of the c logo !
saw that the other day . our is better .
mass exit from the $fbcd ihub board . . . . mod is shady .
wooster hosts sweet 16 and elite eight , could be the biggest woo v . witt game ever if they both win friday .
finna be one epic ass night , somebody daughter finna be my victim , tragic story lol
of course they report the soldiers ' injuries , & report it 1st . it's #israel radio , that makes sense . but not one word abt the palestinians ?
hey how you be girrrrrr hey send me a message how i change my back drop ?
never really watched #dwts but have a feeling donald driver's gonna kill it on that show .
i always go through a phase of not listening to deathcore , then hear something and go crazy with it !
nice to see miami and denver both suckiung in the suck for luck game
tired , tired , tired . also : snausages .
back to back #oasis songs on the radio followed by #wallflowers , thank you radio for that audio treat .
this afternoon's project ? going grocery shopping with my wife , cinda . it's strange i know , but this is our idea of fun .
that's what i get told .
i have got to schedule my visits better to catch the catfish before it swims away . ..lol
newly discovered close relative of t . rex is largest known feathered dinosaur
saturday 1:15-4:15 shoulder and heart openers workshop , yoga tree castro . the heart of your heart , lets meet there . . .
al michaels is rocking that combover tonight
last day in ny city . i had so much fun . . . . . going home for 1 day & then going to indianapolis
i agree in to no crash,but i do think a decline of proportion is in order with,of course , the very slow recovery you mentioned
durant already warming up !
" shake a fist " by hot chip , you live in the same country as them now
so touched by whitney houston's funeral , her " home coming" ! we will always love you whitney ! rip
aww mishon is here . i def watched lincoln heights . and i use to listen to excuse me mama hhaha
true but i would love to see ridiculousness if beiber wasnt annoying me with every work he says
josh jones latin jazz ensemble cigar bar & grill : sat . , november 27 , 9:00pm
almonds ! what about you ? rt : #sachat random question : what do you keep in your snack drawer in your office ?
choreographed musical numbers from " 13 the musical " for the advanced acting class at carmel valley middle school , san diego . performances wordswordswords
its been quiet without me and ? is that good or bad ?
a good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination . - nelson mandela
did you know we have tanning ? !
missed your last tw . ala only costs $25 for exhibit only . it's worth it !
word on the follow . digging the tunes .
i am a mess .
well , yes , their senior class is like 3 people .
xavier , xavier , xavier . how do you not find heslip in transition before everyone else ?
thank you! ! !
you know we're going straight to hell . . . . . ..but we'll have fun getting there
you are such a clever one sir ! rt : snow thanks
i need a job . someone hire me . i'm really good at office work and sex but i can't accept less than $15 an hour for either .
this has been an awesome match ! getting to watch the great 1 #federer play :) i love #tennis! ! :) thank u #indianwells :)
congrats to on a very successful grand opening last week ! if you havn't tried one of their burgers yet you're missing out !
yes , my friend who tweets me said 50 people are outside milling around , it's open . : )
from my own observations of my engineer brother's salaries compared with mine , i can say that study is probably accurate .
rt : making mistakes does not mean you're a failure . it just means you're trying and learning in life .
thank you! ! !
1st soccer game in the books . mr . kindergarten with 2 goals and an assist . and a sticker for christlikeness .
how was the show yesterday ?
sunday night seems incomplete without an chat . instead of dead zombies would could review who don draper screwed !
but not dimon ? yknow , the boss . nonsense . mt wordswordswords : 3 top jpmorgan execs to resign over $2+ billion trading loss , sources say
- i smell an ether coming from the korean hammer ! !
marty . wow .
doesn't make for good tv to say kids cheat to move to other schools instead of where they are supposed to go .
holloway-attaway : how does one read and write in mixed reality environments ?
wordswordswords : lugar's loss to tea party feels like bad news for country . pushes gop further to right . discourages cooperation.wordswordswords
hooray ! hope you had a swell time this weekend .
bro ! my mom and dad said yes ! :d
whurs my peeps in dallas tx
save the planet , drink organic ! taste (and tweet about) organic craft beers with us and ! tuesday 4/10 8-9p est
liam is so hot bguifbguo
taco thursday . . . .
i still can't divulge all of it , but pto , friday , coffee , and network tv reruns are involved .
is mine in the mail ?
welcome to new #upa2012 exhibitor :
good morning .
#np wordswordswordswordswordswords pandora . ..bout to fall asleep !
should do another giveaway ? retweet if you think so! ! !
on this day , may we be reminded that we should build , not destroy . we should plant hope , not despair . we should love , not hate .
yeah ! keep it up ! ! lets go #pack9 :)
thanks ma'am
last year's winner for best new artist is presenting - she looks gorgeous! ! !
try to get follow by you :) #neversaynever :)
love spanish food
sony has 1 new high end camera , need to get more info on it . . .
stay safe mi amigos
at least it was entertaining !
had a darn good ride today with lego ! *boogie* also discovered that most horses don't like fresh mint leaves . .lol
my friend ramiro told me that feliz dia de mama is celebrated on may 10th each year in mexico .
hello alex ( :
how did you know ? seriously i think he was .
enjoyed the movie ' warrior '
and by the way , you've created a monster . my poor facebook account is missing me right now
have fun be safe !( : i love you!!(:<33
oh , not much , just seeing mark ruffalo tonight . *gloat*
i sent u a invite on fb
i can tweet from course
back to blockbuster!!!18 days left till close!!!movies! ! !
aww thanks so are u ! =]
almost game time let's go oregon . . .
only parents have the right/responsibility to bar a child from particular information
i'm going to be hearing ringing for a long time after this . boudreau actually challenged this fan base for not being loud ? !
calling it an early night ! resting up and spending time with the hubby ! goodnight friends ! enjoy your evening ! sweet dreams !
happy birthday !
morning! ! glad to know im not the only one who is up before the sun ! :)
are performing in salina , ks on 3/14/12 the catch me if you can tour !
casa escencia friday nights at hotel albuquerque definitely the place to be! ! how much more glamorous could this get ?
going to sleep early for once
if love isnwordswordswordst a game , then why are there so many players ?
thanks very much ! glad you're liking it .
first time i drive again to where i was rear ended , i witness another rear ending that blew out the back window of the other car . crazy .
can't speak to seattle much but i live in portland and love it . depends what you are looking for i guess
okay so i love and with all my heart! ! !
psh there's your topic right there . . . cause youre humble ,
97.9 the beat custom car show---> backstage---> i will be there . . ! who all goin ?
thank you leslie !
makes 2 much sense to trade youk for a major league reliever if you get the team to take his contract . whats holding them back ?
does this guy ever stop talking ? nice to have you back but try and get a word in !
good night , brenda ! hope you find out the actor in the porn you nieghbor is watching !
rt : how are you fueling today ? eat rich ,
it all starts with the vision
hahaha i felt awkward all day . . . .
these injuries have to stop . both teams .
in fact at night the number of people surrounding me went negative .
wet crack baby
the hotter it gets , the more i sweat , the less i care . i'm literally sweating empathy , must find ac .
" your firearms are too short to box with god . " -- talib kweli ()
not a good game last night . it's a long season and the losing streak will eventually end . rctid !
exactly , but we just need to remind ourselves that if it's meant to be it will be and things happen for a reason
#determined to make something of myself
it is surprisingly loud around here today !
my eyes won't stop watering . omfg .
what's your thoughts on all these social media ipos ?
wordswordsgracias ! happens to be my fav job ! wordswordswords : happy mother's day to all of you moms ! you all have the hardest job of them all , respect!wordswordswords
good to be back in tha kc .
medc plans statewide bus tour to tell tech startups how it can help . catch the tour at #wci partner tues , apr 23! . . .
okay . . . the button at buffalo wildwings has been pushed again ! !
lol duh ( : think about it :p
he's just straight gushing blood . and no , i do not have to feel for doan .
bahaha . ..sorry not funny . ..(chuckle) rt : #brewers released braddock ? ! ? what a nightmare !
in fairness , gt option uses completely different personnel , the trip-opt a/b/c backs don't fit into oregon's speed option spread
rt goodluck to them boys in blue tonight .
rt wordswordswords : i ain't eating right or sleeping right but i'm working right!wordswordswords
heard ' s " thing about us " playing in hallmark and got supa excited . and made it quite obvious that i was a fan
all things are difficult before they are easy -thomas fuller
no problem - its young adult so if its not up your alley and want something else let me know
and now this gets interesting . . .
mom : good morning sunshine ! me : girl shut up .
charles barkley is gong off . rotflmbo!!!!! ! !
gotta keep yo daughters off the pole & yo sons outta boystown
next year ;)
my head is going to explode today .
do you have agood accident story ? we would like to give away free promotions to those with the funniest story !
i won't think about that now . . . .i'll think about that tomorrow . . . .
back in the old stomping grounds eh ?
compassion , communication , and apologies ftw (on both sides) , eh ?
i never thought it was such a bad little tree . its not bad at all , really . maybe it just needs a little love .
thank you , great news ! hope you'll follow ca's ab12 implementation ; helps 18-21yo #foster youth transition to adulthood .
rt : can't lose game 3 and 4 cmon we at home
every exit is an entry somewhere else - even death .
bless the volunteers placing wreaths at cemetery's across our country to honor our fallen veterans . mostly god bless those who serve !
oh i get it at
that is awesome ! next tuesday playlist ?
commute from the new apt to the office = 18 minutes walking .
i be thinking too much
mt 3 year anniversary party tomorrow ! rsvp for complimentary wine tasting ---> happy anniversary !
we had sci soc sci humanities all working on different topics 2 broad 4 anything but general comments feedback
what level of hell for internet popup ads ?
ambition is priceless it's something in your veins
shut up
rt : 3 people tied for the lead at the british open means that i am not going to get anything accomplished til it's done .
a2 misalignment between business goals and mktg goals . q2 why does the treadmill prevail ?
girrrlllll ! this is my ish lol . . . . i literally just hollered .
agreed , they really messed that one up .
" don't find fault . find a remedy . " henry ford
thanks , and ur welcome !
filming nocturnal saturday ! who's going ?
art class , i love it
dumped out of tourney all in with qj suited , got called off by a guy with same stack k9 off . ..k on flop . ..retards galore !
apple's home page tribute to steve jobs illustrates the power of a photograph . rip mr jobs . ..you did good .
sighing is good ! !
i'm on the wrong train . but i think it's my destiny . . .
you must be on crack
rt : " there are two things i know in life : that i am a great sinner , & that #christ is a great savior . " - john newton
rt so guess twitter just feels like unfollowing people against my will huh ? smfh . . . wordswordswordsi hate that !
happy birthday to the one and only !
u in dc tho lol rt i need to ! lol who trying to go workout with me ? im serious
in a month it will be a year :(
besides , isn't that what girls hate about men anyways ? men being liars and players ?
idk . ..one day . . . .well my sis mite go over there for her birthday 14 turning 15 and she is only by her self : ' (
i wish ! so instead of mayday parade concert , let's go on the warp tour instead in new jersey( :
i know me too . haha he must be xd
7 crazy intense minutes until #unbroken is in stores !
got the christmas tree up . now where's the snow ? this is wisconsin , right ?
why is it when you run into a spider web , you suddenly turn into a ninja ?
mathew curtin giving a very good presentation in electronic health records program
dissertation anxiety - overwhelming tonight .
good luck hhc's run for homeless children team in #bostonmarathon ! you make a difference for homeless children
pickupline : hi . i'm like a tropical island : hot , wet , and waiting for tourists .
awww u must love me . first a book on data viz and now this !
yeah , i wouldn't even think about valverde today . should've let benoit pitch the 9th yesterday . he was looking good
hope everything is good across the pond . . . . . . . .
brother in sonoma says " hot and dry " -- then again , he's . . . unusual .
this morning i was one of the lucky ones . . . i went into a full-fledged " piranha frenzy mode " . . . continued next tweet
hi holly , i'm a fan of yours on tv and stuff
not everyone who holds a camera , is a photographer !
my dad gets to go to pheonix and i just sit here in boring indiana all springbreak
family story time lolol
i know that a few passed on this thick , home-cooking , house-cleaning , supportive-of-my-man , sexy siren , & now regret it !
power nap , back in the studio yeah ! later .
click the back button on the top left hand corner
fbcd . . . slap the ask and were off to the moon and beyond! ! !
twitter for customer service rocks
congratulations dolly , liam & cynthia hedley on winning free powerchute at #sharkshootout . golfers guide expo buzz & more to giveaway !
choose a job you love , and you will never have to work a day in your life . - confucius
rt we are shaped by our thoughts . ..we become what we think
do you have a washer/dryer in your casa and does mega kitty like to do laundry
i spent it in san diego with my fiance's family . :) . . . and is this chuck ?
hm we heard ben . rt i read on twit that ames not ben is going to b the next bach instead .
it's you !
is anyone out there listening to black metal on this fine black friday ?
networking at mile hi stadium was crowded & long lines . tour was great ! met interesting colleagues to stay in touch with
what a gem , thank you . (a very glenn gould-like appearance) .
it was so fun ! i just walked it , but had a blast playing with the colors . wear comfy shoes , i recommend sunglasses . and have fun !
failed my biology exam was asked 2 name 2 things commonly found in cells . apparently latinos n blacks isn't the right answer
wordswordswordsi am always doing things i canwordswordswordst do . that is how i get to do them.wordswordswords -pablo picasso
why on earth would michelle bachman want to have swiss citizenship ?
then i'll move to remove all management including the incompetent ceo . facebook needs steven ballmer or jamie dimon
lol am i beautiful
thanks for the rt , taffy .
tabitha hope your day is full of sunshine
richpublicans always want public $ ; fix firestations ! no new library , or city hall!! " public safety ! impeach
just saw hundreds of bats pouring out from under a bridge on i35 . it looked wild !
i want my jetpack !
given equal funding , consumer research can be more innovative/successful than military research applied to consumer applications .
no one even knows both sides of the story and yet they still keep judging . . . .
go on zingled.com its fun !
the after eight club tonight is and myself . woo !
would love to be able to put my subscriptions/channels into lists or shall i say circles ;)
played #turntoyou 2 my mom and she loved it!!! ! and i do 2 :) its amazing
baby butt !
wow ! how long is the healing process ? still in the desert ?
yes , i believe it will be competitive . it's a toss-up . we have more talent , but i worry about kubiak in a game like this .
don't gain the world and lose your soul , wisdom is better than silver or gold . . .
i'm talking about europe . . .
i'm excited that photoshop cs6's selling points are practical features and not ten more magical ways to remove awkward trees from my photos .
i can't believe my twitter wasn't working yesterday day so i couldn't say " happy mother's day" . atleast i got to say it to my mom . love you !
*growls* back with the deep throaty sounds of a well tuned v8 !
just got home and logged on . looks like our girl broke a big orioles story today and a local web gal got a lil jealous and huffy . jen rules
alt+cmd+lgroup arrow - expand/collapse all layers including nested ones . cmd+lgroup arrow : expand top-level groups .
rt : love the picture just put up of steve jobs . rip , mr . jobs .
here we go aain ! retweet this for a chance to win fre tickets to our show june 15th ! with fuel!!! ! go
weeds fear
did you hear the #hawks picked up teague's option today ? if you want to work on the piece involving how far he can take em ?
thursday night at murphy's law ! come out ! grab a beer !
my class is k-2 . my kid is 12 . if i don't see " my kids " during summer , i'm going to miss them like mad .
if burgess meredith had been natalie merchant's singing coach i'd bet she'd be able to hit more than two notes .
at #vma having a blast ! can't wait to see performances !
does this defining silence mean nothing to no one but me
who ended up throwing the first pitch ?
a jug fills drop by drop . - buddha
my daily mindful message : to practice healthy cooking you should think outside of the box . substitute healthy ingredients !
#somebodyonmytimeline has a group photo as their profile picture . which one are you ?
go follow .
have you ever seen that place at night ? they are the head of some asian mafia . definitely .
somebody call me so i can take my mind off of things ! ( :
cause its gotta be you , only you .
you make me blush ! you da you da best
rt who's the " highest-testing character " on any of nbc's shows this season ? the monkey in a sitcom called " animal practice . "
the " hi!! " gets me every time oh my god
ciao janis ! so nice chatting! ! !
yes i'm here now!! ! where u at ? !
sweet ! if you need anything please let us know !
wordswordswords 1991 mark knopfler's dire straits re-formed to tour for two years , they were booked to play 300 concerts . songs inc : " sultans of swing " wordswordswords
traffic tweet brought to you by #tacobell : join the traffic tracker at the 6511 i35 location to get a prize! ! 5-6pm
dont limit investing to the financial world . invest something of yourself , and you will be richly rewarded .
shower time . when i come back the lakers better be in the lead .
sweet ! i'm sure you'll see me out there :-)
i really want a cigarette but i can't get up from this new adventure time episode .
loudly singing to the radio !
thanks for the support !
#glee was amazing !
its hard if you write five to six page long chapters ;_ ;
you better fill that position , and no please dont put champ their , we need a hitter
had to argue w/folks here to send tents over tarps , at least they have some sense of ' floor ' and a bit more security . a bit .
yay!! ! another project in the works ! thank you universe!! ! !
76 pins in my head .
condeeleza rice denied the possibility of running as a vp meaning mitt romney can't use the campaign slogan mormon with a side of rice
that's better . in my mind , we're engaged now and i'm planning our wedding . kristen will understand . . . in time .
great meeting with committee member . start prospectus over with a clearer topic and argument .
congrats to 17 year old who's song " the look " charted #20 on the itunes country chart in germany .
listening to the orioles opening day game right now
congratulations on well deserved recognition
i swear the deftones are like sex to my eardrums .
#night everyone
all in
i had an insensitive and inappropriate response to this all set to go . i'll just leave it at " gots 2 be " .
#cxo a8 : key takeaway . bring more cookies .
that's a grant proposal i wish i hadn't seen .
she probably did! ! she's a bad mamma jamma in
you've read it once but not like this . get new scags app and read scags at 7 all over again but as a living book . please .
kevin correia is a trashcan version of paul martin
good buffalo chicken needs for nothing sir .
my son just texted me to tell me i will be in his heart forever & god is good all the time . a priceless gift indeed .
voodoo on the road tour ! tonight , fawn tavern w/ fivealarm flood ! need i say more ? see ya !
i don't want to see either of you in tights , lol .
you shall have no foreign god among you ; you shall not bow down to an alien god . psalm 81:9
tomorrow will be great !
is it your off season ? if you are not in training mode your calorie intake can probably be reduced because you will have reduced expenditure
yes . . . . and with cc tonight we should be just fine:)
oh my goodness i know ! how are you hun ?
pizza making date ! rt : wordswordswords order our heart-shaped pizza for two ! available ready-made or as a kit to take home . 412-904-3277
wordswordswordsmen have called me mad ; but the question is not yet settled . . . " - e.a . poe
thanks . requested by the wife . she loves seared scallops . lemon bars for dessert .
he left his girl for that get right ! wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
a meet me at da exxon by bp n burger king right nw
had a fun& awesome time at pink friday celebrating the life of the fabulous april love at encore in buckhead #livingloving&enjoyinglife
camp electric orientation . wahoo !
fumble in the redzone by rodgers that you recovered on scramble - killed me - oh and that te route haha
the frantic at beat kitchen in chicago tomorrow night with all ages ! get your tickets before it sells out !
top ten books to read on amazon- we have 5 www.justsmellsogood-nation.com
lattuca & stark : " the specific framework used to guide course design activities is less important than . ..engaging in reflection & analysis . "
that sucks ass .
bradlee's news judgment is once again , correct -- a big fuss over nothing . it's all atmospherics . re:woodward-gate
come home to me .
aww i just finished watching it ! so good !
if the giants win by 2 pts will tom brady be the mvp ?
thoughts on cu uniforms ?
national lab day today !
good morning twitter ! worldwide trends include " i believe i can fly " which was my elementary school graduation song .
day 6 of reader appreciation week ! enter to win free prizes today ! time is running out - www.artcalendar.com/readerappreciation
new place in seattle canning beers with no pop top . ..they just include old style can openers .
his slow ass always sending dumb shxt
we are going too . birthday tomorrow .
two places i called for takeout told me they are out of bbq sauce . wtf ! we're in texas! ! !
i have been blessed with another day of life surrounded by people who love me ! :)
who are you ? why are you here ?
yay ! sounds awesome !
don't trust too much . dont love too much . dont hope too much , because that too much can hurt you so much .

excellent customer service help on a " situation " with my account yesterday !
have to intentionally set up a space where race can coexist . #interiordesign #dogoodsummit via
tip 7 : thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together .
omg!! ! actually tweeted back to me!! ! i feel so loved & special :d lol hi ^_^
so who wants me to suck there dick
before i join this league i need to know 1 thing , is tkessel's left nut the remaining testicle or the missing one ?
dude got me deep on the east side . i want to go home , relax and work on kasom paper .
today was quite an unusual day . i carried the weight of unfinished business most of the day . thank god for tomorrows
person : follow me in my head : why should i ? lawls hahah
will you be at the franchises session in the ballroom ? would love to see you and say hi .
disney on ice today at 5pm . visit us for lunch or dinner , kids eat free with the purchase of any adult entree or sandwich! . . .
watching let's do it again .
rock on ! !
no illegals . . . .no burritos . . . .
we love alex russo !
ironic that the #21stme session on social media is in the room with no wi-fi !
awesome day shopping with the best friend , now time for some pizza :d
cool got u
i know i know . i'm such a bad 80s child .
wouldn't it be cool to be as smooth as ?
sounds like you have had some great trips . ..i'll be in touch about feedback . ..next week i'm off to brazil for a month . . .
rt : include quick (~30s) interviews of highly visible entrepreneurs who relay a story @ failing at this #lrnchat <good one
okc rectifies their theme after realizing dallas wears blue on the road so they changed to white shirts instead of blue like game 1 lol .
#highglitzlounge is searching for current title holders to interview for their fantastic blog . email me details
it was great to see check in last week !
1st : espresso . 2nd : 8 mile run as prescribed by if you see a body along dekalb ave , please make sure no one steals my shoes .
two students have now told me they intended to skip my class , but forgot because it was so much fun . this may beat ' legit ' as feedback .
i just got my products ! woot hoot ! time for the party to begin . look out size 6 , here i come !
so true ! : small is beautiful for investments
apparently someone won 2 journalism awards tonight for writing a story about my jeopardy experience . i should get at least half a plaque !
countdown to the cbc book awards . will you be there ? i will . :)
helloo again monday
bahaha that's too funny :p
ok , follow me please ! ?
you know you fly too often when the flight attendants start to remember your name !
thanks for the opportunity to be part of the team . can't wait to help build
wow , so today was not my day .
in the meantime , check your mailbox next week !
i really really hate pushing carts in this heat . i'm about to be extra crispy .
thanks for the rt !
it's great they have such a diverse musical selection ! i'm adding these picks to our list .
special shout out to all of my #boysofwinter at #verona hs . ..state bound! ! congrats on getting to this point . ..now finish the job .
i hate it when my parents talk to me about american idol . they of all people should know i dont care about that show
you do a lot of charity work i think . ray kurzweil wrote a book called the singularity is near , he claims wealth for all .
get tan today ! *specials* buy 5 uv tans and get 2 free ! buy 10 instants for $99 ! lotion and memberships on sale too !
brewers/things that are due to come through any time now : rickie weeks , nyjer morgan , jonathon lucroy , the strikezone's consistency .
// can we come with you ? india palace is so good !
waiting on this at bat . got to go to work . . . go to work! ! !
enjoy ! rt : appointments booked . #rva restaurant week reservation made . monday couldn't come any sooner .
if you say that you go to " swagger university " i will not accept your friend request .
you're welcome ! ^^
out of curiosity , is the preview the same whether you are signed in to a google account vs . not signed in ?
daylight savings time and ogt week ? might be a long one . . .
twitter is a great tool to use as an educator to try to keep up with the world
check out a1 styles on facebook amazing specials & great talent
i agree with conor- keep engaging and good things will happen . just stay your active self !
getting a tweet from would make my night!miobi taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guyswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
student beach service and baptism wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords love my church! ! wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
did you know , for every night you pay regular rate , you can get the next night 40% off . offer valid through december 31st .
i'm loving these peyton manning promos on
running the boards on for yeh , michetti
another great hang , dinner , and #uclafootball victory! ! let's get a few more and a bowl game !
want to go to the colts game on thurs ? t.o . and ocho vs . peyton et al ? i have two $80 tickets . ..make me a deal !
haha at a tv ad for " the alcohol and addition " cure airing during madmen
huge event going down live on facebook ! october 1st . more details to come . .
two more finals left . . .
how are you doing ? :)
if zombies did in fact exist , most of the people at your school would be safe .
hey steph , i'm fine . the worst of the storms are over . :hug : no worries . :)
oh guess what i dyed my hair red!!! ! it was to cute nd my date arent riding in the limo but we will meet yall at omars
hope to see you back home in austin soon.hope my scene made it.it was an honor.thank you .
moving sucks . i've cleaned out so many boxes & scrubbed so many fixtures i have the hands of a servant girl .
me too ! hit me back pimp
peggy and cersei lannister from #got are the top luscious ladies with balls of 2012 . at least in the running . . .
david ash throws a high , but catchable ball on 3rd down , right through the hands of mike davis . punt . ut yet to cross 50 .
that's because your crazy . lol !
smirkenstein " i'm not a modern artist . i mean , my work comes from an older place . " david best on his burning man temples :
thank you for the well wishes ! i look at the move as a new chapter of my life :-) oh the suspense !
it already april :-o
i lived in andalucia in 2010 , and spent time in southern portugal and morocco . soo beautiful ! def . have suggestions if interested .
faith he must make his stories shorter or change his comrades once a quarter .
why steelers ! ? :(
you should get a chihuahua , border terrier or pug ! freakin adorable and great dogs:) plus they don't shed much:)
still in the back yard thinking n writing bout mad things
you're the good kind of awkward .
they brought it on they self fam
cool ! i'll be cheering and hollaring way to go , girl!!! ! !
omfg why must my sister be such a smartass , shut up ! !
love is the magician that pulls man out of his own hat
onewordswordswordss outlook is a part of his virtue . wordswordswords amos bronson alcott
my field laptop smells like its been sitting in a barn for weeks .
dedication is simply reminding yourself what you want . then paying the price to get it . every day . -- john f . groom
my stomach can't handle this early in the morning .
high-five! ! i agree with your last tweet . normally i'm silent when stuff like dis happen , but it's always a time and place . .
that's an $11 billion boost to the couch potato industry .
damn and that was on a white girl lmao
tking a nap was a mistke , now i cant fall asleel
antibiotics! ! sorry , old joke . create a scent for her , that's the new thing , make sure she's not allergic 2 anything in it,tho !
the tires didn't do the before , sides those big fat end fences won't cause flat tires . the bumpers are not worth it !
lol he was wasn't he . . . i gotta go with mike williams from usc
it takes me a couple days
i'm a huge fan pls follow me . . . i love your music . . .
go to bed lol ( :
- as a coach for 20 years , trust me it's over-rated . . players win games . . ask jimmy johnson with his cane teams in the 80s . .
i have to lead a hike tomorrow , and on a damaged foot from the last hike ! lol . . . the life i lead . . . yours sound relaxing !
rt : q1 : whatwordswordswordss the best piece of advice your mom ever gave you ?
rt oh yeah !
stop what ?
i lick the gun when i'm done cuz revenge is just that sweet :)
lol . russia ! ;) i'm tempted to but i don't wanna ruin it ! but may seems so far away :/
i'm game for a rematch , but after three losses in a row in wi are you ?
chicago our #bulls need us more than ever ! !
thanks and back to you !
i dined on several tonight . prefer the bottle to the draft oddly enough . drowning in hops and rain in the city tonight .
oh yess i love tea !
depends on what you consider a pg . all around cp3 scoring westbrook or d rose distributor rondo
rt it's like u stepped on a kitten .
and by cuddle i mean naked cuddling .
fine film .
tea party support for heck wanes
i am all for anything that creates transparency in museums
monday's are the worse . at least schools almost over . :/
btw , the the hell is poutine ?
thanks love
#buck confirms roster moves for #orioles . " we need more arms "
the hardest part of getting to the bottom of yourself is knowing what lies above and ahead of you .
thank you ! the sre was honored to perform in tribute to yo-yo . so glad you enjoyed it .
go follow my new twitter ; & tweet me a " <3 " for a followback , please & thank you . c :
it's redonkulous! ! if you don't want to be american go the hell away then !
haha i'm sure they will be marked down to like $5 in no time . let's buy odom jerseys , listen to alanis , and have an irony party !
my credit card company called me asking to let them lower my interest rates . why yes , you will hear no objections from me !
. , very frustrated with ordering furniture from u , your customer service reps should be more responsible & make less errors
no way . that's you
watching the duck game on espn
' the night circus . ' damn fingers .
girl i just wanna see strip
bieber respect man .
explain to me again what exactly finding your friends has to do with stitched leather ?
huge series this weekend for the brewers against cardinals , a sweep would put them in first place
i'm having the best day! ! i'm probably going to die tomorrow !
haha yes ! we will discuss details and the plan tomorrow while doing hair :)
i didn't mean to !
make her wish come true ! rt : really wish starfruit in the merch mart had
a sign that summer is nearing its ' end : all the business event invites for events starting in sept . seemed to hit all this week .
if your spirit don't convict you neither do i . stay blessed my brother
how's am i supposed to do that . come on , think before you tweet .
#foodcon for the win . good food drinks art and air .
what games were involved ? and got a time stamp for you at patv ?
excellent . i'm sure u have great sndtrck for that movie . better drvng song : tp runnin down dream / al windows r rolled down ?
come on , turn this game around . . .
on my way to the noodle place
perhaps they the two are connected . congratulations all the same .
welcome newest raven ryan mcbean
so many people didn't wake up this morning but i did . thank you lord . i'm grateful .
thanks for following me.!!! ! !
good morning twitter , ib english paper 1 . *whoop whoop . aiming for a 5 :d .
i kiss my phone everytime i open it because me wallpaper is of
are you coming to pickles ?
and nits are of course at the core of nitty-gritty
ashanti proverb~ one cannot both feast and become rich .
good morrow to you , u r welcome sir hinton
text me biotech :)
eh , i am back to thinking cable isn't worth paying for anyways . #outwiththeold !
major league is one of my faves . long live jobu .
#fringe can't believe this . .what r they thinking
oh my god please tweet david nail and tell him to give me the 2 free tickets
just spent time with #casa kids in the neighborhood , huge economic challenges , and the lucky ones with loving relatives
good night ariana ! love you ^.^
no , but i'm ok with askp . research is convincing . what do you think ?
do we have the same dentist ? ;)
you gave us a " go hoosiers! " fist pump in the hotel lobby at sxsw last year . do317com had love for then . party tickets worthy ?
thanks ! we think you're pretty awesome too !
i miss media day last year when put rich eisen in his place . that was awesome .
thanks for the follow , jeff !
my brother was one of the lynn students in haiti . do you know the names of the four missing ?
long live gorilla , lord of the jungle .
we wish you a merry christmas , a prosperous new year and of course above all the best of luck at the poker tables! ! !
it's national jelly bean day on sunday . we're giving away free bags of surf sweet's jelly beans with each order placed this weekend .
citation and credit for treatments/descriptions rather than full article would make systematic biologists happy .
hi dud
out for walk . squirrel darts out of hedge & delivers " crackback " block to my right knee ! never saw it coming@#% !
i hope things falling together not falling apart . .
i am supposed to tweet less at one time but i can't get the schedule to work that way ! collect/ releasing tweets 1 by 1 too much for me !
sounds like a challenge that could get me in trouble . ;)
havent really talked to him all day :(
haha . at least another six months , let's see how everything goes .
idk you and your gf are just soo cute and it just makes me chuckle . . .
solid breakfast with
working with some of the guys from again this weekend ! should be amazing !
abdc was everything tonight . shutout to all the amazing crews . . . .
i'm in daddy mode . . . ..daddy son weekend kicking off . . . .with hair cuts . ..then i'm taking my son too the studio later . . legacy ! ! !
cancelled major portions of space program & put good ppl out of work so he could pay 4 cronies , freeloaders & slugs ! socialist !
terps police week happy hour ! prizes , specials for terps who serve . may 17 4:30-6:30 dc's penn quarter sports tavern . rsvp
hah ! real word but is the brain trust who thought of the name .
hi hb all bst free e-book award winning novel gray rainbow journey limited time offer contact
will you play to " finish " it , or will you play as a loot collector ?
" well done is better than well said . " - benjamin franklin
why dont you guys ever report on what is really going on in the world ? doesn't that bother you ?
pretty girls like pretty boys .
mystery of the day : how do women wear different shoes every day ? my feet get sore/tore up when i rotate in a third pair .
all my nj nets memories revolve around and ' s lol
be happy you ran . . . i was conservative w/ my time at registration ; next year i will give myself more credit & move up a corral .
lol we are in seattle . .its like 65 :d
it's great to meet a fellow health/medical writer .
nothing happened . all the stormy weather never came to pass . now i have to water my lawn .
but before that to happen there is urgent need to address the leadership crisis at home !
i want to hear " young homie " by on #mrchrisrenewordswordswords
playin wit my money is like playin wit my emotions smokeyy .
this game right here is pretty embarrassing .
so ms.candy what did your night consist of lady
woo i'm so bored :i
be safe out there this weekend east coast !
i hate all the girls i like .
the have a 0-2 record this year against #nfl teams with a #winning record . they eat cupcakes & beat cupcakes :) #boston worst
thank you for your patience and understanding !
thank you . .lots of love ! :)
why were you at our rehearsal ? do we know you ? /te rt : i love first rehearsal after cherry tree was so much fun
wouldn't it be nice to schedule your tweets ahead of time & do it so that they still appeared as if they were tweeted in real time with
good one hahaha i am literally loling right now
you are needed !
does anything beat a long day better than hanging with your family ?
due thurs : a paper on technology in indonesian libraries and a digital repository model for a historical society . oh , library school .
so close to being done with my giant pr plan . #xmasvacation is right around the corner
so good bass is good for bassers
epic trip boys , let's do it again soon ! !
new mission : bring #macarondaynyc to sd ! does anyone have any good recs for macarons down here ? haven't had any good ones . . .
rt" : people change , memories don't . "
put the liquid painting crack down
pepperoni sticks , hot dogs , cheese , bologna , wine bottles , loaves of bread ? lol !
hi there twitter fans ! thank u all for the follow ! really appreciate it !
only a 2 hour first half for the giants . love how new york games are always drawn out to extend the ratings .
yes ! my dad also got me a south park kenny mouse pad ! <3
we can't wait either , should be fun ! enjoy ! rt can't wait for this bulls game tonight
i miss you already !
lebron forgot to take his talents to indianapolis this road trip .
also , can i please announce to the world that i am having an *excellent* hair day today ?
no eye has seen , no ear has heard , the depths of your love lord .
walking on a sidewalk . a pigeon just cut me off .
jazz brunch at oro today ! 12pm . free all day for kids .
that sounds like me on a cold day
tx 4 rt : " this puts egg on our face, " says jpmorgan ceo jamie dimon of $2billion trading loss . more like a moby dick omelette .
such an amazing interview
ladies of san diego ! check out intimacy in fashion valley get ur bras fitted correctly ! it's an upgrade u don't have to pay for ! go grls
we shall see
why limit happiness to one hour ? coffee happy hour is from 3 to 6 ! all coffee drinks are half off
twitter : a mess full of fake justin bieber profiles .
hanging out w/farmers from the tremont farmers market at lava lounge .
we need 8 of the hottest #boston area acts for a new showcase contact or now
i'm a #gleek ! watched last night . disco lives & it's ok . really it is !
when they assassinated the us president then his bother a senator & civil rights activists & student protesters
true art will always be at odds with the free-market capitalist system .
we only have a limited number of tickets for our show @ subterranean next week ! this is a big show for us and we are too damn excited !
thank you !
rt : follow for today's joint housing and human needs disaster recovery committee meeting at 2 p.m .
i didn't have state id because i wasn't old enough to drive .
hey thanks lapl ! will try today .
been hot here too high 92 sent you a dm .
rt so thinks bc pill cost depends on frequency of sex ? tell me he's not that stupid./ sorry i can't
bet there's no in tel aviv
rt : even simpler : rondo , bradley , pierce and bass are 1-for-17 .
happy birthday to the homie
life is not complex . we are complex . life is simple , and the simple thing is the right thing . - oscar wilde -
lol go buy something good n be like oh i forgot it at home then take it for u lol
can't wait 2 get there ! !
we're doing #21cradio now if you wanna join in !
i didn't know 106&park was showin chris and nikki video today . i'm glad i'm watching bet i can't wait chris gone look so freaking sexy
i luv u !
love the show tony and your still unbreaking my heart :)
good morning! ! going to be a great half day of work . . . .
doors open for latin night at 11pm . start the weekend off right !
fine then . i hate life .
i painted my nails blue last night for the first time since we went to icon:'(
sorry for putting a damper on your day . . . .
we need to ride the same bus .
you all need to follow the real she rt's fans a lot .
thank you . . . . . but i don't think so : (
if you're not in the product engineering session you've missed it all
my mom started to tell me something then she stopped midsentence . i was like what ? and she was like what ? . . . . . ..wtf .
first game at 5 tw vs mn . .battle border at the high school level . it doesn't matter it's for bragging rights . #border battle
john belluomini and it was two weeks ago we tried to call you but it just went to voice mail everytime . . .
dad and his computer problems -_- lmao sorry about all that
#hillerhelps - pre-nuptial agreements can bring clarity and certainty to marital financial issues .
hey ! we are playing @ the 710 beach club next wednesday . check the flyer for the info !
come by our booth 2496 for cappaccino and coffee cake . ..yum !
great #slu_vcc_2012 meeting today !
i'm looking forward to a response & to hearing from you .
thanks for the #autism ipad app info .
from whole foods and they are so good . i have to hide them to keep from eating them all day . lol
cotton candy . yum
i see , everyone waits until i move away from seattle to come out here . /lesigh i can take a hint .
life sucks .
thanks to the massive unnamed video game company , for one of the most fab gigs a girl could have , that i can tell you nothing about . yet . :)
happy jonas day <3 x
omg my fave coach bieste now have to see here sing jolene
not wanting to help the kitchen clean , but your the first person to take family meal
luke bryan on replay wordswordswords
it is a wise father that knows his own child ~ william shakespeare
some ppl will steal the stink outta poop ! damn stop being a thieving mooching ass bum and go get a job shheeesshhh
i know it's totally stupid . . . pffff . . am i the only one who did ?
you love it
that gum u gave me today was so addicting i had to go and buy some haha
and then you feel so low you can't feel nothing at all wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
#ryankennedy!! ! whats up kiddo! ! hang in there & live life to the fullest! ! god will hold you and help you through ! :)
i am sfo right now . i get in around 11 - and then a workshop tomorrow . are you sving ?
new year new taco we've got a yellow squash and jalapewordswordso black bean vegan taco with toasted pumpkin seeds . come try one at union station! ! !
thank you
so beautiful .
yep it's the fitbit . highly recommended if you want to be more active or just like to analyze personal data .
heading to monett missouri to speak to a group about church planting ! go epic! ! !
don't forget ! if you're staying with us , #wine hour is from 5-6 pm in the lobby every night . gulp , gulp . . .
+1 wordswordswords : nice tribute to #timwakefield today at #fenway . #redsox ! we'll miss you wake!wordswordswords
isn't it great ? so glad to live right now .
thanks treefort music fest - boise will never be the same again !
been a season ticket holder since early 90's and this bs is more frustrating than the telfair/quintell woods years . . .
#wewon'twork if you don't love and listen to his songs with me .
hope to be in ur new music video ! ;) i'm a big fan , and i take from helen a !
sloan is too good looking to die .
' s new song is absolutely perfect<3
well,, , pretty proud of myself ! made it though the jack in the box drive without passing out ! !
tomorrow is the ides of march , but friday is the day our new ipads arrive at home .
fourth suggestion , men are visual creatures by nature so ladies keep this in mind when you plan a romantic evening together .
dirty chai : check . laptop : check . nyc : check . studio loft workspace : check . off to write some musical theater .
rt : crazy week . nyc , la , atl , chi , and now vancouver , canada .
about to go on the air on wnox 100.3 fm to discuss always fun to get behind the mic ! :-)
never watching a movie with you . only taco bell keeps you up .
dont worry about how u look worry about how you feel inside . if you need it . you need it #ypsupport :)
you work tomorrow ?
omg i dmed you its so important like really please answer or ill crywordswordswords
working on some extra credit for crj !
ha ! well they tasted pretty dad-gum good .
god , you had to make me obsessed with something else . :) is freggin ' amazing . they need to come to kansas now !
she said " bugatti i'm in love wit ur songz " i said " which one ? " she said " uuhh i like em all " love his songz . . .
worst hair on : zusi , convey , kamara .
lol n dont gain a pound!! ! tell yo husband that we gonna have to go kick it oneday all expenses paid by me ! !
how's ur day been
totally agree , except screenwriter rt : first thoughts on #politicogc : everyone is so much taller than they appear on tv .
yes i can
me too . . . me too intek . yakoke . chi pisa lachike . by the way , your writing , so good . . . hope you tweeted it too . . .
i've never seen so many people at pehrspace ! this is crazy ! !
&& i just wanna be with somebody who hasn't been with everybody
i know i should be prepping for my audition but i had to open the burner bins for lucidity and now i can't stop dancing . . . i smell playa ! !
we updated our website . experience improved navigation and new features . we hope you like it ! www.painted-words.com
george zimmermann says if he was an a unarmed african-american adult it would be alright to follow him & shoot , but he was a teen i'm sorry !
i have a great new invention . .
barkley still clowning ' big women ' in san antonio . ..comedy! ! " everything's bigger in texas "
highlight of the week so far : a captivating presentation by sheriff gusman on the coded language used at sheriff sales .
talk about sexy hair ;)
loved that story ! i understand what you mean .
i'll ride in anyone of ' s cars i'll enjoy riding with him :d
i just thought you were going to play basketball .
tough one . atv for itunes , roku for amazon/hulu . both have netflix . they balance each other well . my 2g atv no netflix .
have fun down there ! !
can't wait for the new album . that 1min sound bit was a really good starting off point . wish they would come to miami for a show
sentry immortal to hold for your expansion to kick in
the concert season starts :-) nada surf at the neptune theater .
you don't drink
what's goodie
true lol . whats her name ? & no . start talking to her :)
no ole north stealing gold from 9/11 for bush and having it stolen . . . ..check it . . . .
dishes are done , fish tank is clean , now to relax the rest of the day until i see snow patrol at tonight !
hahaha ! ok , ok . what am i thinking anyway ? it's my weekend ! someone get me a drink . . .
i'm sorry .___ .
judge a man by his questions rather than his answers
one of these days imma drive 40west till it ends
it is abosolutely imperitive that the jewelry i purchase has genuine stones ! !
after working 12 hour days for the past 5 weeks i finally only have to work 8 hours today! ! !
#ff amazing musicians
it is what is is baby tweepers read the truth and weep or you can laugh about it
indiana wants to know were u at !!!!!! ! !
hank is a 1st round pick and today is his coming out party
what's poppin with the negotiations ? time to win !
hahaha screw you !
always have a plan b !
i am chillin
good morning beautiful people !
so totally just remembered i had a sex dream with my coworker last night . it's going to be awkward to see him today .
oh yes , and i had a big time photo shoot last friday .
rt : damn it twitter , i'm sleepy but i can't put this phone down!! ! wordswordswordswords
i'm engaged !
ppc is an important part of any search strategy .
i was informed of this so me confused
happy single's awareness day! ! !
hey , i've been to her house ! (i think so , anyway) . #isthatwhoithinkitis ?
okay okay okay this movie rocks
joining the police force isn't being motivated . . . .
random guys yelling at me while i'm driving . . . do you want me to run you over ? stop staring .
i would love nothing more then to move to panama city .
good morning ! i love the arizona heat !
he got 23 points in first half i'll take soft any day then
#worstbreakupexcuses my cat died , i need time to mourn
at least my grandma not following me on twitter , cause we are friends on fb
eli has an amazing match up and probably will have to throw even more without bradshaw , start him with confidence
see " play ball " newest candle warmer in the collection ! too cute and perfect for a boys or collector's room
and yes i just realized i spelled ' tattoos ' wrong :p
hi - it's time for the may #lxchat . this month's topic courtesy of : lighting in found spaces .
i thought my parking bill was bad , you've lapped me almost twice
kk ill be on it soon ! !
i want more guitars like people want more tattoos
thank you ! !
hav not seen u in a while , u on the rode , anyway hope all well
you can do it !
getting so many new fans . nothing makes me happier than this :d
rt : troy davis was murdered by america . we are all witnesses .
old ways , neil young
settling in for the eve w/ green flash grand cru .
hopefully you do ! would love to see you guys before you leave since the hob show was a fail to hang after haha
got our 800th like today !
well played . i.t . crowd is a far superior viewing experience to scott pilgrim .
how bout missy elliott's " the rain " ?
hey that's us in that pic ! we had a great time at the auction and it was a pleasure meeting you guys !
. we visited back in november - was so impressed . it was a nice day outside , and still the 1960s exhibit was packed ! (1/2)
monday // driving through the desert grasslands that grew me / thinking in tongues / like me / the sun is younger than it looks // summer
i kinda wanna drink tonight . what say ye , ?
good morning howard . you're going to kill it tonight !
all i want for lunch is a blunt n yo gurl !
dear , seriously man get it together , how are you going to mess up my order , no breakfast/lunch today . thanks for being careless .
absolutely , one thing he gives this offense is consistency , you never knew what you'd get out of orton each week
#thingsiheareveryday stuff about you
after capturing a small british force retreating to quebec on the st . lawrence 2 days ago , gen . montgomery has taken the city of montreal .
messy hair >> making love hair ;) lol
i hate working doubles , so freakin tired , just started getting busy again
super hungry + tired + lazy never ends well .
welcome aboard ! rt : mealing at the weary traveler after a fabulous first official day on the campaign . 238 to go for
one last music note before finalizing direct mail & premium . tesla has two ? ! cover albums ? ! this is why i love
#mymomsaid flowers always impress a lady !
awww i miss my abigail ! :( and i miss your snoring more ! !
it was great talking to you ms irene ! i hope to have another skype session with you soon ! :)
your welcome :)
wild boar bratwurst today ! also triple chocolate brownies
rt #scorpios do well hanging on to money but they also know how to spend it on luxurious possessions wordswordswordswordsi deserve it :)
haha ! miss ya honey :)
just tapped , new belgium lips of faith fresh hop ipa (replaces russian river pliny the elder)
that is awesome . 3 auditions in one day ? save some for me bro !
yeah , i always ripped them off of the dvd cases . i happened to rip one off of a blu-ray case the other day . no worries anymore .
#happyhour every week night from 3 to 6 pm , with great drink , wine , beer and appetizer specials !
sounds heavenly !
if there's this big party going on inside the barrel that you get to enjoy , that we don't see . like the movie contact .
heading to mooncusser films in the morning for more production work on the documentary film project .
i'm a chef , i don't cook for free , unless i want to
what was the pic ? i missed it :(
about to play at blue moon and they're playing a frank black song from teenager of the year . best album ever . no bar plays this .
catching up on , <3 ' s interviews but heartbroken theres no audience . how are mom and i supposed to go to the show now ?
is alarmed by how much dexter (a serial killer on a showtime tv show for those unaware) reminds her of a guy she briefly dated .
good to have you back !
wordswordswords : who plays draw something ? wordswordswords i do :)
i'm bout to unfollow you for that
back to stucco , excited to successfully complete our projects ! thank you albuquerque for the opportunity !
best start to a birthday ever : breakfast delivered to my desk by make-your-own breakfast burritos ? how do you know me ?
oh my gawd i hate you ! :p
check my cuzzzin out on youtube ttylgirlzrock6 and watch her she is crazy lol ! !
name for our tour this summer . ideas ?
lol sounds good to me umm wanna meet somewhere around memorial city mall ?
oh no =( im sorry hm what type of work are you interested in ?
condolences to the edwards family ; pray that a cure is found before we loose another loved one to this disease named " cancer "
explains how ' s purpose provides access to affordable capital -- via & expansion capital !
although , if i were to put my ear to your chest to listen to your heart beat , i think your nipples would be as effective !
. inquiring minds want to know - how exactly are we like a penitentiary ?
tired is writing " teething " instead of " teaching " in a presentation . officially time for bed .
" : it takes great skill to tell a compelling story in under 60 seconds . "
okay , foghat . that's better , ipod . keep going in that musical direction . ..so i can concentrate on my online work today . ;)
fuuuuu- ! well damn , i don't even wana go with practical strangers >:(
how are you ? ( ;
no kidding -rt : can't wait til scotus kills obamacare so insurance companies can finally discriminate against sick ppl again .
that i don't care look people have in pictures<<
far too many . i use my check-ins to remind me of where i've already been . a digital bread crumb trail !
happy birthday steve jobs ! you have changed the world and how we communicate soo much
that rabbit was huge i would not like to see it at a easter egg hunt kids would go crazy
and . . . we're back up .
never again will i watch a movie with
please rt . is your org faced with big data analysis and visualization projects ? am gauging the need for training in the sector . dm me .
haha . i also need it to communicate with people outside . i just called my mom in the casita to ask her a question . :)
this dr.miracle's " feel it " formula is really good . watch my hair yal .
the only problem with your statement is that there must be a prior knowledge to learn from . you cant start a fire without a spark
a healthy family is sacred territory . anonymous
true story !
is participating in a twitter chat about sickle cell and asthma . chime in for information or if you have questions !
sorry , i wasn't checking twitter like i should have been earlier . it was thinning out by 6:30 , did you find anyone ?
amazing quote , i love it ! rt : i genuinly believe that the first step toward entrepreneurship is hating your job . check .
duke out and the lehigh guy steped out of bounds and no one show it .
nice to have a full day of no obligations !
early 7s practice then back to the library . first exam tomorrow morning . this whole no sleep thing is starting to take its toll .
ditto!! ! it has been way too long !
. . . seems kinda quite over there in tenn . . no more tweets we landed manning . . .
doc and i have been sitting on the floor in the same spot for the last 15 minutes staring at the same bug . like mother like son .
we're cute:) aha
larc representatives recently spoke to meetings of the ruth mcenery stuart clan (a literary society) and the jefferson genealogical society .
#computerfroze . . . now i gotta wait for it boot up . . . .
have faith in me
sandbar sunday . . .
i decided i do not like papaya . adding that to my list of dislikes .
listening to new for the first time . not a fan of new voice . good choice with bad choice without
leo howard is so cute
biking with a cigar ?
that carmelo " fat-skinny body " observation was spot-on .
hey stranger things are going well . how have you been ?
rt : rt : god's favor will make a way ! your willingness to obey and trust him will unleash it :) in abundance !
oh , it was only supposed to be 2 weeks ? oops . rt : so essentially all work stops in silicon valley from march 15-31 . . . ?
thank you so much ! rt : just picked up dark chocolate and sea salt from the new btr sam's club . so good .
i love you so soo much and i miss you !!!!!! ! !
i was just reading about that . so , so sad . especially when it's right outside of a school .
carolina inside game will prevail over duke 3 jacks . rivers will shoot duke out of it .
#memberprofilein140 : biz attorney andrew may excels @ contracts + hedge funds & litigation . " a fresh approach to a venerable profession . "
your the man steve have a great weekend
couldn't do it with two all stars either , so good call ace . also , it's know not no .
warm , soft , clear , and serene
at least get a life guard
you got it bffl :)
just bought a $70 pair of shoes for $5 .
susie and i are wii bowling .
an #audition and then my final class with dan ireland
it starts at 7th and goes to 12th :)
first tweet , thats me
looking forward to being there . .added " how to write a $250k proposal in 2 hours to 2nd day's content
the new season of sinqle ladies , may 28th ! they shulda kept stacey dash doe .
this wed we start the hump @ filmbar ! come by and chill with some dope music !
let's do a contest ! first follower to guess #packers first pick and draft spot wins some #geebz gear !
your so gorgeous :-)
cooper one hero . fantastic four d , mccarty & meara others .
thank you for sharing !
hello world . no baby as of yet . amazingly , i will actually tell you when he does arrive . it's not a secret . so , please stop asking . xo !
moms birthday today !
can't wait to see on punk'd :)
getting ready and pumped to cover extreme thing on saturday with the used , less than jake , zebrahead , falling in reverse and more ! !
charger are only ones permitted to air/stream seauwordswordswordss memorial wordswordswords really high class wordswordswordsowningwordswordswords a memorial
you are very welcome !
wordswordswords : it's like i want you to know , but i don't want to tell you . #ohteenquoteswordswordswords
the idle mind knows not what it wants .
on a resume : looking for what you specifically did and what results came from that . . . .we love numbers !
thanks ! i'll be enjoying a few fine wines tonight !
in st . louis for the region vii vpp conference - talking sustainability and hcs best practices
i can't wait to spend the night with the love of my life tonight . :)
walk-talk-pray moves back outdoors this morning at 8am . meet in the parking lot , and yes , of course dogs are welcome !
are you kidding me . ..which one did you get ?
thanks for stopping in ! rt love that place had the buzz this morning !
is in the new studio workin on the new album
post concert depression wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords i had fun though ( :
rt : great photographers! ! !
my app , weather genie is the #2 overall ipad app in france , #1 in weather in over 20 countries for iphone & ipad
sounds like a plan , man
and while i'm tweeting , #nats win !
taekwondo & karate students : check out quest for the way : origins of the martial arts on amazon kindle ebooks
champaign on a tuesday ? haven't you gone all hunter s thompson .
if you have a chance to get the super power , you'd better use it in the right way , or it will destory you and the people you love .
shoutout to the woman that gave birth to me- la
time to head out tomorrow and drop off resumes to businesses
i got some beats for you that a str8 fire big homie !

i guess " because i live here " isn't an acceptable answer to the question , " why are you peeing with the door open ? "
one of my classrooms has a real , honest-to-god blackboard . nostalgia & pleasure in simplicity battles with annoyance at chalkdust . . .
u say u love an respect her then dont hold her back from opprtunites an dont put her down just support her!! ! !
today's feature : traditional carbonara w/ linguini , ham , red peppers , edamame & garlic cream sauce soup : roasted butternut squash
my abstract got accepted for publication in a ' s anthropology news ! ! !
if you are in san diego and missed the event at eleven tonight , you must come to bottlecraft on thursday!! ! don't miss it !
yes i know many people who were raised in a denomination but now choose not to have any relp but they r still reverent
there is a hole in my sweater . where is ?
for sure . ..lets connect offline . please send your contact info and thoughts/proposals to
see scarlett johansson&#39;s avengers beauty look from all angles
i get upset every time i see your profile photo . put a shirt on man .
joel , my bro , the guy that turned me on the led zep and other cool bands is dead . his name is on grayson's website . i put it there
what's ur official email . . . i got a song i want you to check it out
and you go right back to not texting back .
karma is open ! come on down for the packer game , the kitchen and the bar are open . . . go pack!! ! !
r.i.p whitney houston <3
i'm in . where ?
flaming saddles , gay country bar in nyc is hilarious !
can't wait for #letsbeanimals april 26! ! !
the best hangover cure . i miss toppot!! ! cc
finally getting my hair done :))
the cartoon is really good . avatar , not titanic .
just chugged a red bull .
btw , still looking for tailors in hong kong . anybody have any recommendations ?
we trading spaces .
yep me and colby we'll be there for like 3 or 4 days
your rendition of blue is beautiful , paytonxoxo
wordswordswordsforty is the old age of youth ; fifty is the youth of old age.wordswordswords - victor hugo
cat : " i'll just let myself in , thank you" . lol ^.^
i'm blown like shyt moe lonely bored as shyt with nobody to talk too
eating watermelon gummie bears
its better 2 tell me now wich one of u dmed him if u tell me now ill forgive u , but if i find out by myself ill ruin u here on twitter
yes i do
happy thursday thanks for checking in on
thanks ! glad youre enjoying : loving this event fantastic panel supplying even better content !
#iamdabeat all over the atl! ! rockin in la both coast on lock ! !
sure thats what they all say . nosa im just joking with you lol
5 days till bp rocks denver and girl's night out ! so excited ! maybe i'll get a special birthday song ?
week is going well so far , let's keep it going through hump day ! !
cant wait to watch the iowa state vs texas game tomorrow (all the way from haiti!) . ..go state !
the modern librarian : literature lover , computer instructor , furniture mover .
spaghetti , with or without meatballs ?
just had a studio session with , one of the last real ones doin it . . expect big things from us in #2012 !
that pumkin pie turned into more of a pumpkin soup in a very thin bread bowl . ..bummer
funkotron is next! ! !
great opportunites . . are you open to other areas outside of the atlanta area ?
#authors #followfriday sign up 4 her newsletter and get her " publishing tweekly " report-brilliant
is saying happy founder's day to all of her que-teeful sorors of chi zeta theta sorority , inc.! ! !
join us ! rt our new location at 111 w . north avenue will be open on saturday!! ! come one come all !
yeah thought this year would be different but still the same .
yeah , like i remember being there for about thirty minutes , and the rest is nonexistent in my memory . i stayed up till 5
this makes me so happy , lol ! :)
after <4hrs of sleep , i find myself irrationally enraged w . a songbird outside my window . i feel like the ugly stepsister in a disney movie .
x2 rt : congrats for launching your twitter account for #malariaday !
inbox >300 monday , worked it down to 15 today ! now to get all that information out to you all in comprehensible form .
yea but , you've been liking cheese more
use object oriented design .
when i mean egged i mean egg .
great show tonight !
careful , talk like that will get you kicked off twitter
just sent my mama off too go get my bd some pics .
lol you feel me ha
wordswordswords : speaking of dream phone and sleepovers . . . we are overdue!wordswordswords agreed lets pick a date asap !
hahahah andrea andrea andrea
april 19th , best day #ever !
your vet will also advise you on the dental care that can be performed at home every day .
i have a new asd case who is a severe head banger , even after given the item he wants . . . . help! . ..resources anyone ?
lol what year lol rt : rt when did you go to famu bro ? <- whenever it was time to party lol
question : you're in a cab and the driver talks to himself and jerks violently . do you gtfu or understand that he may just have tourette's ?
i am living it but would really like a 10 min call from you on national advice regarding improving academics in america .
let's fight !
its still #musicmonday so check out our dudes in and our main man
i really want to talk to you . . .
once a problem is defined or diagnosed , wise people focus on solutions !
new york state's best young musicians in rochester for annual #nyssma conference . wait till you hear them on
son , if you really want something in this life , you have to work for it . now quiet ! they're about to announce the lottery numbers . - homer
watching #idol ! i haven't really been watching this season ; i like to watch when the top people are left (aka the really good ones lol)
run or walk ? rt : gas station run time . .
patrick nyarko seemed to be shaken up a bit , gets up just fine .
wanted to pass along in case you hadn't heard of it , thought it was up your alley . hope you're enjoying fl !
i feel distant and have a headache from jealous people . . i need new friends !
it's not a bad show though
soon off to urbanna , virginia , and a date with the bbc .
today's expected high of 81 in oakland means two things : (1) silky white shirt weather and (2) parasol on the commute to work
gotta say , i'm pretty unimpressed on the whole . i sorta like michael . could do without the rest of them .
now the rangers are skating ! great start to period 2
glad we didn't have twitter in the 90s to voice our anger re : grapesofwrath,trumpet ofthe swan . cuz now we work in publishing
why did i waste all that time on you when it was all a lie . ?
dazed and confused will always be one of my favorite movies in the entire world .
rangers on the board in the first inning here comes that 13 game winning streak
in my view a non-profit that has track record of ethical service should manage the weatherization and block grants .
haha nightmare and scream by avenged sevenfold describe sam from supernatural almost perfect ! xd " i'll taste your blood tonight . . "
so much snow , so i made a snowoman .
i really wish would show a character count on their mac app . unless it's there and i'm just not doing it right .
diner with the family , laker game :d wbu ? <3
you and me both ;)) actually i'll say it depends on what i'm drinkin . . . .
it can boost your happiness to spend at least 30 minutes per day outside . try taking your lunch to the park or walking this afternoon .
tarpon trivia tuesday ~ for those of you have have visited tarpon springs , which is your favorite place to stay ?
hit me , hit me!!! ! rt : yoooooo . new years at the casino . girls have tickets for a show . will be there .
daily poker tip : when you're not in a hand , try to guess what the other players have . this will sharpen your reading skills .
damn . karmin can rap with the best!! ! she got
thanks for the follow !
haha we will keep winning for ya
documenting saturday member play 4 of 5 for transparency to non-members : ohio st . -5 cbb
funny insult : he is the kind of a man that you would use as a blueprint to build an idiot .
ow owwww ! can you dm me the email address you used to sign up ?
lol rt : if i die tomorrow i am taking as many of you with me as possible . *evil laugh*
there's a good chance you don't like me . but a better chance i don't care .
today iwordswordswordsll be recognizing hoover high school student alfredo urquieta for his leadership as part of lgbt pride ceremonies at the capitol .
every time we bathe the boys and put clean sheets on their beds , they wet the bed that night . grrrr . . .
nuttiest nascar ever . just say'n .
oh my it was so effin good i cryed for like 15 mins straight hahaha did you ? !
look out europe . ..halcyon way will be there in 5 days !
i hate days like this -.-
david foster wallace begins writing " a supposedly fun thing i'll never do again " at the airport , where he has four hours to kill .
i ordered your dress and thank you
if you call me on the phone and i don't answer . ..just know i feel your odd and just lacked common sense . .watching oprah !
you should come sing with me at rustys tonight
oh wow it's pouring
#reading in harm's way by ridley pearson at lunch - can lunch break last for the rest of the day ?
seriously can't walk . in so much pain .
not in a good mood
this always happens to me when i at a friends house . me: " omg i <3 this song so much!"my friends:"how is this good ? " me:"it gets better! "
. when i'm done , i'll use the cubes to ice my knees .
if she call you her chicken strip # drop everything she rachett
why the hell am i watching a movie about a bunch of scuba divers getting trapped in under water caves ?
just returned back after watching firefighters work on a fire at satchel's pizza . not good .
yes , there was no reason for joe to tell mel what his sister said to him , not cool .
oh no ! not that ! !
i have been well .
i think it's to add an air of mystery about them .
order sent to sandra in dc !
beye , bassong , and little charlie look like leaving their clubs , my hope is that all roads dont lead to tyneside for them
cbs cbs cbs! ! !
yep ! supposedly he lives in florham . . . where ever that is . ha i am sure you know .
omg omg
arizona is beautiful . flowers flowers everywhere ! !
hi teara we have karaoke on wednesdays! ! would love to have you ! what's your go to song ?
' the greed of wall street broke main street ' - quote from tonight's #frontline special
why did pick a freaking bunny for it's mascot ?
yes , absolutely . ;)
hope to connect at an upcoming event !
throwing money in the air , like i don't really care
i have no complaints #lovelife wordswordswords : thanks for the follow ! love nyc - must be great fun selling #realestate there!wordswordswords
did twitter and facebook turn people into nosey muthafukkas ?
first person to spot a #foodgenius t-shirt at and post a photo of it on our wall will get their very own .
best night ever . .
looking to rent the following weeks out at the pines beach house 6- 25 7-9 8-13 (ascension) and 9-24 pictures of the house are on facebook .
docs was subsumed by drive , which makes sense . offline docs is a huge leap .
oh heavens . i like duran durand old stuff and the new . love love love .
rajon rondo has been a beast on the boards in this quarter . . . this game too
if your pubic hair's are playin " peek a boo " with your panties we can't date . .
had to reset my lexis advance beta password already--need to remember to use my password manager ( ) more often
the flat topped one decides tomorrow . cats fans fingers are crossed for sure .
wants to have nasty sloppy rough freaky hair pulling ass smacking sex that is all
good morning #baltimore ! it seems that days of sunshine have given away to a few days of rain . be careful and drive with caution !
thanks for the shout-out sean . much appreciated .
' oh lord save us from politicians who preach . ' well said .
**they all talk about starbucks . . . . lol
it's good to have you back . ..i miss everything :)
this people watching is better than probation .
i'll be there in person proudly wearing my nash jersey five hours until
all of the quote accounts use the same quotes over and over again . it's annoying .
aww cute :) happy for you :)
i really hope jim irsay knows what he's doing .
stop by firehook bakery for a great pastry !
chris brownwordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
what's happening ? *i'm* happening ! get hip , get efficient , get savings ! get the most out of your summer cooling w/me!www.smartenergypays.com
haha . i'm in miami :)
mexico in a month or so . . . need some sun ! how about you ?
ugh dx i don't get you .
congrats to supporting on some florida dates .
some good things about working until 4am on nye is waking up completely sober and with money in my wallet .
it's friday , i'm in love .
now rep . benson is attacking gambling expansion in vikings stadium .
i agree that reading promotes greater creativity.thought it was interesting that watching which seems passive is more active .
caught that final coaster with
if we put these checks together we could buy a bag of #skittles !
in honor of crush a can day , we remind you that no matter how you crush that can , please recycle it !
mentally exhausted , done . praying for some sleep tonight!!! ! g'night all . stay safe .
missouri losing doesn't effect your bracket , it effects every bracket . ..it's a wash
excited for agency tour tonight with
category 17-b winner is pbc 2010 branding campaign
u will have to tell the haters that if one is great at their job they get paid big bucks ! i believe that is any pro ! right
playoffs have a few too many games , but the level of play and excitement are better than any other league's post season .
just spent the morning researching four lantern slides . one turned out to be an olive tree in the garden of
i miss having a crush on boys who can read and write properly , but at least they're pretty .
praying for you . god loves you .
looking to see some more life from the #browns today on both sides of the ball . the match-up favors them , so just have to execute
goodnight everyone <3
ops ! i don't have the download . been listening from stream . dang !
#iwish lindsey stirling would marry me . :d
guess i should stop sitting in the parking lot . ugh .
rt : official french elections results : franwordswordsois hollande is the new french president with 52.0% of the votes #france2012 good! ! !
thanks for the rt , joel .
i keep telling myself " this is my last time, " but it just keeps happening .
super jealous !
just sent some notes for can't wait 2 get this shot & share it with you all .
really want followers . if anyone could help i would be so pleased .
preach on ! we can be our unique , best selves while respecting and celebrating our differences . glad mentioned it today .
you should go with twicca .
me and my friend were flipping we were so excited wordswordswordswe're trying to get autographs ahahahha
we still need to hook up for a story for ! contact me at (not .com) !
our pleasure , great article ! thank you !
thank you ! :)
excited to start my new position tomorrow . :)
visiting calvary christian & bishop chatard next week for yvote ! looking forward to registering and preparing young ppl to vote .
nothing quite as nice as a quiet , peaceful , alone day in my studio . . . .no distractions(except fb!) and now i shall get back to painting ! :)
i am so into dool . .days of our lives . ..the storyline is awesome this week ! check it out . ..my dvr is on overload !
going to edit a few of the gorgeous images from todays shoot , then find an apple fritter . . .
we teach such stuff as evals are made on , and our little life is hounded by work creep .
hope u are having a great week x
wrote a song : #niallwhipshispenis back and forth ! just whip ! i'm a get more cum than a lil bit , as soon as he jumps in moans r hitting it!rt
how can sen manchin vote against the women of wv ? thank you sen rockefeller .
we also have a winner this week . congratulations ellen henry , you've just won a faviana rhinestone t-shirt !
so far , yes :this draft is kind of like the oscars , you kind of know what's going to happen . . .
there must be a hidden message
and then the republican told me he could own me if he really tried . um no sir , i own you at life .
the chest tattoo can be very painful . awesome when it's done well . and it's a big piece of space so choose wisely . .
yahoo cloud computing
is somethn so special . ..oh boy
you're right ! sf in general is awesome like that . have you lived there your whole life ?
dm me . i'm happy to send you one .
finished presenting . hope we impressed the judges
call me
happy birthday albert einstein ! born this day in 1879 .
chef powell will be here until the end of march . we would love to see you before then . . . or anytime after for that matter !
fact rt : considering the potential awesomeness , san francisco is painfully short on quality waterfront bars and restaurants
i'm thinking a feline would be a good addition to the sarigianopoulos household ! !
idk y but when i use a giftcard (that i bought - #coffeebean&tealeaf of course) when i use it , i don't feel like i'm spending my money . :-/
i am loving this morning on my way to crossfit!! ! yes! ! !
thanks , now i'm going to throw up the steak i had to google how to make .
mines better
i feel so stupid , i know what was confusing me now , but i feel bad that i got them confused :(
was that cigarette lady that use to yell raaaammmonnnnn ?
no man is lonely eating spaghetti ; it requires so much attention
i hope all the dishes fall and break into thousands of pieces .
karissa - e-mail me tomorrow so i can tell you how to get your tickets . ..dave
anybody who feels like they might want to give a demo at a drupal camp or user group meeting , holler at us . we will send you goodies !
no . not right now . i'm just sitting here staring at and thinking deep bus thoughts .
browns want trent richardson , in my opinion . hillis is gone .
the road to success is always under construction .
braves are making a statement ! #5 on espn's power rankings . keep it coming boys :)
has the 25 days of christmas started on abc yet ?
oh ok . and i just used grammar .
i have no clue how to use twitter (or anything else) on this phone :( . . . . . most gracious father , i just want my blackberry back .
right . <eyeroll > in other news (& reading your old tweets) , san fran in oct . is beautiful . jealous . eat sushi and lots of it .
hehe puberty , maybe u did something wrong .
mark your calendar oct 1st , 9am is the metuchen fol used book sale on the library lawn . be there !
whoa , n . korea needs to calm down . reading s . korea has scrambled f-16's post island attack . serious conflict . prayers .
i'm so curious to know what is doing today ! :o
very exciting news . we've got a final tweak to the logo and then we're going live on kickstarter . stay tuned . today is the big day !
there were a series of small (or large) decisions , carried out on a regular basis that probably caused the problem .
#becauseofobama stupid people think the american economy can run on green energy .
full band show tonight ! 1130pm
you doin anywhere else in il ?
i'm writing a horror screenplay about a group of teenagers who get stuck in a cabin in the woods . who wants in on this original project ?
for some #relationship is a journey filled with strife , while others find nothing but joy . we're here so you can find whichever applies to u
why do i know nothing about this reunion ? i probably wouldn't go without you anyways .
i think morgan miss ha daddy cause that damn sho ain't me
is this truly the end of it . . / : i hope not .
yes we are offering the ielts prep for esl students .
- i heard that crack in the sky a few minutes ago . it has my attention !
i just need you to just admit that you are not the one for me !
linked data is a data smorgasbord . --miriam safstrom (national library of sweden)
well it's official , i'm a grad student :)
may is national photo month ! go hug a photographer ! :-d
inbox 0 , going on vacation !
todays special summer sausage and colby jack with lettce mayo and onion on wheat toast . choice of side $6.95
jsb : " if you read wikipedia the way you read britannica , you will be screwed . "
i know there are a lot of veteran hockey media guys , but with media companies looking to get younger and cheaper (continued)
why are you on the floor ?
. you are welcome . can we count on your vote this #nov8 ?
hey austin! ! how was your day today ? please rt or reply :)
the bucks have a small garbage can clumsily placed on a skateboard ? sweet . better than i thought .
packers drafted someone . i will cheer for him .
soo tomorrow i have alot to doo:( and i dont have anything for my mom for mothers day maybe ill go get her flowers
so this is a big situation in cincinnati .
looking for something to do this weekend ? check out the latino film festival presented by ! . . .
the fans are going to be murderous in pittsburgh/denver tonight if this keeps up . as a packer fan in pittsburgh , i think i'll stay home .
i'm an overcomer .
awesome fun fun show for the kids at trinity ! thanks to the guys from for the support !
balling my eyes out .
had a delicious today , going to be a good day !
what is the blue man group . ?
i am entering to win an iphone backup batteries from casebargain.com via
lol oh , no ! sorry !
stop asking me all these questions . . annoying as hell with it
lol yes cat ur so hot i could get burnt standing next to ya !
how did you find this lol
thank you so much ! i look forward to reading it :-)
#stupidstereotypes that all black people like watermelon
good to see the clippers being successful
follow friday
challenges here and there yes but none like the ones placed in the way
ve u more den u love me aint afraid to say it , ur not my queen because queens are human queens make mistakes ur my angel becuz
ah . now i see . was already following you ; moved you to a list that is bookstores and zines and reviews .
akinade : number of scientific journals online in nigeria : zero . oa improves link between scientific and production communities
had a pretty great weekend pre-celebrating . science center , star wars , dinner , church today and lunch with friends . . . can't get much better .
that macbook air . .
high above the mucky-muck is : where does her power come from ? it's #genderbenders at tonight !
the biggest investment i have ever made is a book of forever stamps . hopefully postage goes up to $40 soon . i need to retire .
nice resource page . thank you !
currently 8+ helicopters hovering over dtla right now
looks good ! we're coming in fri for lunch . chuck's bro in town . see ya then ! :)
one of my colleagues thanked me for speaking up on behalf of non-reference librarians in a meeting the other day ! :)
wow a food truck sounds so delicious how much do they cost:) thanks for the follow and support check out
just read about it this morning .
well , a nearly dead dell laptop .
aww ur so sweet . thank u :) . . . ima give u a shout out for that . lol
guys ? once they get huge , all of a sodden they are to good for people who are poor and trying to make it .
who do i trust ? . . . .me
unless you have changed your mind from your initial impression , you won't get flamed by all , especially me .
rt : hey chicago ! stay warm and join #foodiechat at 7pm theme tonight is " bowl food "
will end the day with three emails in the inbox
rt : i just ordered chamomile tea lol . please rt .
ok just asked to have it shipped should have it in the next few days
@ a good spot right right now !
ready for briarcrest
smooth move jacques
starting a pc technician training program at austin community college hti . the program combines the comptia a+ and network+ certifications
i am so disproportional i need a bigger chest to make my beer belly look small
i'm glad you're still an egg . haha
is she pretty ? does she wear a lot of clothes like clothes that fall off her body ?
when you are faced with stumbling blocks in life , keep a positive attitude & turn those blocks into stepping stones !
just saw the cutest couple ever .
people suck .
sleep well america , tom brady is on the good side !
fina cut my hair ! !
he's a sweet talker ! <3
so , i ordered " autograph pages " to go with my yearbook . . hah , what was i thinking ?
grrrrr . recall walker
i hate when ppl make fun of my new orleans accent n i dnt even talk like that
i wont he already have a prom date my sister
i don't think i have ever needed coffee , a back massage , or ice more in my life
secret love , my escape , take me far far away
check out the international poker rules @ http//www.fidpa.com
let's go tribe . keep this train moving
i feel mentally incapacitated due to lack of sleep and a cold .
rt : s/o 2 first national bank 4 the free tickets.<-- we are glad to have them as a sponsor ! a great company !
we all know i really made a b in that latin comp course . but i'm not arguing with the transcript .
thanks ! looking forward to meeting you .
not 100% sure . partly for schools to demonstrate legal process in disciplinary action , & connect accountability to ed mission ?
:) . keep your passion drive for your work . . . a jeopardy whiz ? i once was on quiz show to raise $$ for indie film- comedy loser!:(
thanks you :) rt no matter how many wineries i visit , none have a better red than the reggae red !
are you distraught about noah . ..being a #noahfangirl . i wish they would quit showing the replay
god will never close a door w/o leaving a window cracked open for you . learn from mistakes . where there's a will there's a way! ! !
can anyone recommend a good mobile car wash ?
still in court with the todos somos arizona defendants . if you're in downtown come on by to show support at press conference . 11:30 .
" stay hungry . stay foolish"- steve jobs
even though we fight , i love ya girl !
my son sound asleep im up bored i need some to do
haha , i hear ya .
happy birthday to my mom ! best mom ever . yesterday we surprised hur andshe cryed happy tears so happy ! ;]
deep in the heart of houston international
fashionistas reach out
rut roh - i can't remember if i just boiled 1 cup or 2 cups of noodles .
okay school , can you be over now please ?
it's gym o'clock , time to run & watch
ali fitzgerald called me that on the blog , back in the day . was my username before i switched over to salvocheque :d
yes ! no re-branding or chasing fads . instead embracing our expertise while supporting sustainable future 4 city & us
rt : " let the world change you and then you can change the world . " -ernesto chwordswords guevara , motorcycle diaries an amazing movie ! !
go marco !
nfl offseason : cameron wake back with the dolphins thanks to joe philbin
" people say others are nice when they can't think of anything else that's positive "
giant tasty burgers , huge nachos , great fries and a fun atmosphere . let me know when you're going , maybe we can meet up .
okay i give up . .to everyone i was talking to . . . goodnight!! . lets talk again tomarrow . bye
was gonna pour myself a glass of milk with my mid-morning snack of mini oreos , but all i can think of is pus . thanks , ! lol :)
everybody go follow now now now he's awesome sexual ! ! !
thank you so much for the rt ! have a great day ahead !
happy easter !
where are you going to hide the pizza planet delivery truck in #brave ?
close but no cigar! ! !
stop it nacac . be better .
4th sack by by my count .
going to sleep . goodnite everyone
everyone follow rusty the king of cali aka sexy mo fo! ! !
thank you gary ! and good morning !
lol when u kumn to dallas
great job ! i need that kind of inspiration .
yeah i understand ! at least you have your friends with you though , i gotta look on the bright side . . . . but there really
thank you! . . . ..i think ? lol !
thanks for supporting a future leader in martial arts ! vacation with us in the atl at battle of atl ! see www.battleofatlatna.i
yea i have to go with that and you are my winner to me
working out those unhealthy jello legs of mine >.<
seriously underestimated how much i dig
*rolls eyes* your so good at acting your don't love me back !
oh god , is kimye a thing ?
i follow u =) follow me back ? =)
you should drink some pedialyte it will fix you !
it's annoying haha
: if it snows , we're still having the event . if it really snows , we may have to cancel . but there's no easy way to reschedule .
it's 11pm . why am i watching a show about ice cream ?
haha true that ! too bad i can't see emojis tho :/
the lady last night with 6000+ followers is shireen ()
we are officially entered at , , , and who gets to be the lucky world premiere ?
thanks to and jenna snyder-phillips for a great evening last night at the store !
in the republic of mediocrity genius is dangerous .
it is a great evening . i think you should start making your way down here . see you soon
ma student ellen defossez's paper " the evolving media discourse on gender and depression " accepted at ica 11
eric schwatzman (ipressroom) : news is now constant updating of information . it's what happening now . ..and now . ..and now .
have any ideas for books that make great gifts for mother's day ? share them with us !
did they thang 2nite ! had me throwing my hands n tha air . . . my feet hurt 4 real
i like how the office gets me and my sisters classes mixed up
thanks to , , , brian engblom for joining , thursday morning !
be sure youwordswordswordsve been properly introduced to someone in service and your first oil change is scheduled
it might be fun to collect a bunch of campus people's prom photos and see if people can guess them .
they have peanut butter vodka now ?
no , because you're a pats fan . duh
i'm going with friends both days . the weather couldn't be any better . i'm excited to see
make sure your facts are straight , reporters will quote you word-for-word . if they canwordswordswordst trust you as a source , you will no longer be a one .
gonna try and curl my hair :) hopefully it works and its long enough to look good
revolution is the key to every mans success
dude i just listened to " unfriend you " and i loved it ! such an awesome song ! keep up the mantastic ! (which is a word i made
still haven't watched last week's game of thrones so tonight i get two , back to back !
fellow jay severin fan , tweeter , conservative smart ass . follow for follow ?
have a safe trip momma ! ( :
i would be ecstatic to have to have an art critique today
finally off work , and jus sitting here thinking if he still thinks abt me like i think abt him ? good morning tweeps , lets make today count
if i don't write to empty my mind , i go mad . - lord byron
tonight , the world will begin to change . it might take you a while to notice .
now data it's called " geo cache "
what number ? haha .
kiss 108 just called and told me i won tickets to crooked arrows but i can't make it ! i don't even recall entering but i feel special .
welcome to la! ! !
rt : success will never be a big step in the future , success is a small step taken just now . ~jonatan mwordswordsrtensson
you got it .
sorry i'm not being pro-active in this conversation . my flip phone can't load all these txts .
#thethingis u complicate my life , u make me fall for u nd then u just push me to the edge
orioles completed a sweep of the red sox at fenway today for the first time since june 10-12 , 1994
this fast age , with its fast horses and faster men , has brought about that rather fashionable monstrosity , the fast woman . (1857)
i kno it is storming in hartwell
how social media can help you snag top talent for your company
thanks for the rt
dude , come back to la !
in west philadelphia born and raised on the playground is where i spent most of my days
you can get hepatitis by walking barefoot on a beach .
twisting at rubin and thompson assisted living 50 houston ave saugus , ma . from 1-3pm for a thanksgiving open house .
edmodo is amazing ! my students love it and so do i !
my feelings were hurt . ..wow! . . .
nice kid keep it up
celtics don't got it anymore the bulls run the.east when.drose healthful! ! !
tough loss for marquette tonight , led by 17 with 13:10 to go at #9 georgetown , lose by 3
single bells , single bells , single all the way wordswordswords
i need that hoodie rt grab a bag from cafe press ! http:/./bit.ly/o5v8yp
now you just need to live like a porn star also ( :
" i look a dicks all day "
bring back the foot clap
were any of the current thunder players on the team when they were in seattle ?
g'night twitter
yes , but only one per family . rt but there's hope , now that subway sandwich shops have spread even to china .
oh yeah ? well it takes u from a 10 to a 150 wow i think i have a news crush lol just playin
thanks for the encouraging words and continuous support . mke and penfield are lucky to have you !
bike ride was a big ass workout
haha looking forward to visiting it again !
happy happy joy joy !
how fun does that sound ? ! anything with the word ' armenise ' in it guarantees a great time ! !
wheels . spinning .
now following baby
got into it with carlos
register today for the meet & match speeding event march 10th must rsvp at www.tri-statespeeddating.com
challenge preview ! get ready chispites . tomorrow we will be announcing our next chispa challenge . let's just say , there is wine and food . . .
i miss seeing you on my tv :(
am i going crazy or is it snowing on my youtube videos ?
today is a present to myself that i will open in the present .
i think every person needs to find his own sweet spot when it comes to how much prayer he feels is right . . .
back to work_ciao
rt : plenty of people sit around listening to dubstep in their living rooms - julia , black city lights
uh huh
looks cool ! got anything we can watch ?
we enjoyed your performance !
missed you!!!<3
that's basically the worst concept i've ever heard .
thx for all the updates , working on vegas premiere video (coming soon) .
pssssht . whatever , crazy therapist lady . what . ever .
hope to do so , see our site for more info , you can also apply once you register with us , let me know if you need anything
champions forest and 1960 .
hangin with kiddos at
if that was my luck there would be a small patch left xd
yeah . a nice mix of george brett anger/carl everett crazy .
im leavin now . . .
i actually like it on its own terms , but not sure how i feel about it for usmnt .
#edtechnyc : #education is about learning , which is lifelong , not merely getting a badge .
can i explain how they got results in march , yet no reports until 2 weeks before fight ?
we need to hang out !
you was getting it in last night ! !
matt's signing his life away wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
john q is trending . best movie ever . that's a real father . i would've done the same for my kid .
vinny can you follow me ! you're an inspiration to me you make me feel like a real grander ! i'm an iconic girl ! 4eva
#nuggets look for real . this is going to be a fun team .
we are walking for children's hunger and fetal strokes . rain hasn't started . ..yet .
jk home rawhide
tom waits - long way home - 09:12 am visit www.radiotagr.com/wfuv to tag this song
how i saved nearly $1,000 buying my new car
lakers remain undefeated (3-0) to their current roadtrip by defeating the c's earlier tonight . next stop : the big apple tomorrow . m.s.g .
#occupynashville many people saying badges were either not present or covered both last night and tonight .
i am just getting hip . . .
hidey ho , here we go ! erica here , jumping into the #hitsm waters . . . how are you all doing this beautiful friday ? tgif !
. thanks for the follow - are you folks on facebook ?
mom & grandma are doing good tif-tif is growing up fast , i remember when she was a baby , marcus is overseas i think not sure .
is that in dar ?
how did i forget that judge reinhold is in the beverly hills cop movies ? the greatest living american film actor . judge reinhold . love .
rt cars , crayons and cracker jacks is out ! if you don't know t . kelly and are in the auto biz , you should connect
we got our exterior location for the detectives shoot . 1 down 2 to go .
south congress rules during sxsw
tell me lies , make em sound good
i can't criticize any dancer ' cause i can't do it !
you don't know how much i love won the inglorious basterds giveaway . thanks so much . :d i think y'all should give away easy a next ?
. . . am proud of yu . and u love yu . always and forever will yu are an amazing person and i'm glad to call yu my brother !
well more shopping today an than hit tha club tonite wit tha gurls
the link is up for the last game of tonight go to www.watchnhllive.com and register and enjoy tonights game and every game in the future ! ! !
this movie is about to piss me off ! she better remember wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
someone must have said something to christina about being nicer to people not on her team
his 3 picks . he's awful . the d will will this game for them if they hold on . . . .that's my peace .
but thanks for asking me . . . .i really hope we find something soon . ..lordy . . .
yes . do investigations of random people begin looking for evidence of anything they are guilty for ?
yeah , bale and modric nonexistent . will not be happy as a fan .
life expectancy would grow by leaps and bounds if green vegetables smelled as good as bacon . - doug larson
m . starting my own hashtags . hope i remember them : #approvedbydesigncongress and #followdesigneraday yeah !
first girl i've ever known to admit that
so very tired , i'm gonna pass out watching invader zim . goodnight and geek dreams to you .
holiday bowl !
#whydoialways fall for your type ?
cool!!!! ! did you get any cheesecake ?
can't help it skip ! wish i could hold my tongue but the man is an idiot !
john paul " jp " jones the propmaster
#tweet #tweet . wut up #world and good luck to all #athletes playing this weekend . wishing u safe injury free
update on epi-pen add . . . .it has been removed!! . ..:)
can't wait for soccer season to start .
dnt start with me big baby
yes , please !
wow . . . rt : the nielsen numbers are in , and it's official : has beaten the for a second week .
beautiful , sunny day in #houston today !
girls take it easy on guys who lie about their age , they r not financially stable therefore feel too embarrassed to state their real age :(
check you out . making such a big difference like always .
why are we still awake ? good morning responsibility .
no doubt about it !
business mostly . lots of excel and word . always internet .
pump that pistol grip girl
very excited for you . can't wait to see what comes next .
hahaa i can so see him doing that !
it's friday . #pushplay anyways ! no days off !
having dinner in clarksdale,ms with morgan freeman
u welcome sweetie
looks like the sitch needs to catch up to you
omg is the music video out yeah
ok , start piling the sandbags , boehner is crying 34 secs into the
i just launched the wholesale division of my daniela zagnolli collection at www.danielazagnolli.com . check out now .
raw is war .
you cut out a pretty important word in that rt , made it seem like i don't agree with them
we should put our cellphone up at 7 40 to see where we each are . lol
" a man never shows his own character so plainly as by his manner of portraying another's . "
i know i know , just messin ' .
" let us hold tightly without wavering to the hope we affirm , for god can be trusted to keep his promise . " -romans 10:23 (nlt)
calling all #dboyz and #moneymakers , are you ready to go to the next level ? if so , trapstarz , inc . is here to clean up the mess you've made !
yes ! rt : kinda wish #vrac2011 would have ended today i had so much fun
apparently ' cup code ' is something from the early days . flipping cups over meant decaf , logo forward meant capp .
thanks to all my woolly pals for coming out and watching the game tonight .
apparently , is back! ! !
i thought alcohol was a requirement at these events . . .
will be featuring another round of swimwear tomorrow . i'm inspired by her yellow pieces this week . stay tuned !
awe . thanks alex . i havent been on twitter in a long time , ive been gocarting . ( :
wooooah ! talk about being baked !
watching that clip also just made me realize that if they ever remake night court , needs to play bull .
follow follows back !
most consistent artist of the year - romaine virgo
do it !
vertigo is no fun
new sascha cohen movie . theories ?
should open 1 more spot up for money and smarts
i have no use for jeff tabata .
you dropped a half rack on the floor ? ! ? you have to cradle it like a baby ! c'mon
yay!my grandma is cancer-free thank u lord for healing my grandma
we're seriously having bad weather in miami
looking for golf courses/resorts in u.s . and canada interested in becoming prosets dealers . we supply the clubs and software .
wouza i was just there yesterday !
shiiiiiiiddddd i'm talkin bout it like 3 4 times a week bro
thank you ! !
super geeked to be seeing #yashin speak on monday ! the speech was much delayed by his , well , arrest , but he's finally going to be here .
can't wait for monday night's investigation !
yes if you are up for a nightcap it is on ;)
ok , #monday , i don't like you , and you don't like me . but can we space out the pre-lunch crises a little bit ? k , thx .
cool concept ! !
so glad to be in here with
#doctorsbetterthanconradmurray . dr jack shepherd <thats what i'm talking about
so proud of you :) you're doing the most amazing things , and you deserve the world <3 xo
hello twitter world ! how has the beginning of the semester been for you ? fill us in !
love you are being " real " that is something really encourages us . that way we can learn and change !
i'd like to give a moment of thanks to my grande unsweetened iced green tea from starbucks .
your good health is a gift that needs special care . eat well , excercise and relieve stress whenever you can .
omgosssh you look like a cute lil kid ;3 dont take it the wrong waay .
up praying , meditating , & reading the word . i need my nourishment after being drained from this world . i have to pace myself for this race .
working for the weekend
wut . ianna . pregnant ? how'd that happen .
good morning ! this is the first monday i've worked since 2009 . i think it's gonna be a good one . -sw
mad donna's for upscale ; arnold's for old school . or bolton's for quick east side old school .
pbs kids go ! web series oh noah ! offers new videos and games
keep on keepin on !
if yu say so
*sprays thirst repellent* lol
people who have been divorced multiple times should stfu about gays/lesbians supposedly " destroying the sanctity of marriage "
yeah like secret undercover ninja ha
had a great weekend . time to start my spring break assignments . :-)
people forget how powerful #karma is . . .
#justfilms rt : rt : the emotional sundance q&a for remarkable doc how to survive a plague: . . .
im finna go outside
thanks for the mention , freda !
here we go
wonderful . i will email you after i get off work tonight with my schedule and we can see what will work . thank you so much !
i use the twisosphere 4 marketing our clients products and it works . just cause it's free doesn't make it ineffective .
more thank yous to for rts ! much appreciated .
spencer and i have nice walks
what are you writing ? sounds like a great day!! ! have fun
#thingswealllove just being happy ! !
rt : #gsmc = global social media chat - 9pm est tues . join us . g+ review & content generation . open to all !
you ain't worth the trouble
rudd-rockford-marble rock school district&#39;s tax rate up
: salpal reports cam newton is at #ravens walk-through practice to visit his brother , cecil newton jr . , a center on p-squad
way more dog tags shun whats good! ! eat that rexwordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
k thanks i hope u can make it just let me or lisa know so i can get u a ticket
that was me last friday morning . oy
hahaha , i see whatcha did there;)
good morning . heading in for some quiet work time before the chaos starts , might take friday off ! what are you up to today ? whatever it is . .
so many prs in the #nychalf today ! well done runners well done ! !
got it . so when are we ditching the pristine subways of #nyc for the trollies of #sanfran ?
my husband is assembling a changing table and i'm reading the new eileen myles .
yeah . you ain't never cried ?
so about coachella housing for next weekend . . . .
gotcha fam tell to follow me lol rt : follow me my ninja ! !
this is more important than happy hour
we live in a generation where they throw out " i love you " to there three day boy/girlfriend .
thanks for the follow from one fellow deadhead to another !
sachal vasandani , vocals ; rene hart , bass ; & greg gonzalez , drums .
eq isn't a " nice to have" . it's mission critical .
pretty sure rose from titanic makes me wanna throw up
everyone should go follow
don't hate .
" mom come over its important " " what happened! " " can you turn off my light " ;)
longest month evah .
man a tough loss tonight . started out hot but couldn't get the hits down the stretch . 1-1 .
ok i think i got it
hi , thanks for connection to we're excited to talk w/ chris and others soon . right after we wrap kickstarter !
twitter chat as our guest to talk about content+collaboration . via
tell me you two got on the tennis ? peng breezed in 2 sets winning easy . thats one heck of a start :)
we grind hard
good win for the #gophers , that was a battle . enjoy ny
exploits unconventional thrillers , like their new scandanavian adaptation , " headhunters, " wordswords la stieg larsson .
okay my eyes refuse to stay open
had my every-six-weeks-ish meeting with my tenure mentor/liaison/etc . as always , he reminds me that i should try not to over commit .
on the media shuttle with doug drushke headed to the super dome !
and here goes :-)
yes , please! ! would love to connect . is one of my favorite models .
dream theatre will not be the same without mke portney . he is an oustanding drummer that cannot be replaced .
a lot of unspoken rules in our culture really don't make sense . why follow them if you don't understand them ?
i always go for the most shocking and inappropriate titles .
review : i found the contrast between mystery and complexity of real life with spirituality of a vegetarian buddhist monk captivating .
broken heart again ? another lesson learned . better know your friends . or you will get burned! ! !
o'l boy is just so fine . it's just ridiculous !
#pealebclm : almost done with web version of everything i have in an inventory list . next , i will check to make sure no boxes are missing .
spring football starts today . i'm in full bloom .
oh yeah right , i'm going even if that means having to hide in one of the suitcases
thank ya !
sounds wonderful ! can't wait to see pics of the gingerbread house . city tavern smells like sweet potato pecan biscuits . yum .
i haven't heard the greatest reviews of that stuff . i do like strong though .
thanks for promoting my blog post today !
am i the only one who loves when it rains ?
seems to be a strong philly contingent among #catcode folks . are we the geekiest city , or just joiners ?
gotta make those free throws . .smh
same phone . when i moved it over to a new computer i lost my ringtones . so i had to make new ones
blah blah blah
to blonde or not to blonde , that is the question .
i'm pretty sure this is the first week of may .
the blue man group said it was cool to tweet from their show , so greetings from denver ; happy birthday & yeeehaaa !
#oh is a fantastic aviation state ! #aviation ,
hanging out with a cutie tomorrow ! i said hello! ! !
thing is , it happens all over . keep your eyes open . talk to people . that's how we found it .
i use to think i knew exactly what i wanted but now i don't know anymore .
pass pass
definitely " cookout" . the word " picnic " has such an ugly origin .
nice meeting you too . you and your bulldog be safe in irene .
he really is<3:)
i'm a fan of the tim splitter duo . ..should be used more
don't be afraid of saying no to the " wrong " renter - why risk your good tenants ?
was about to write how he was broken by #sfit last night but then , bent and sore , he put his feet to the floor .
all of a sudden its lighting & thundering . . . .
as a band and just kids suicide has touched us so much you have no idea . this was so true !
musicians will often need a great strategy both musically and business wise ! pc is here to help !
run then lax to get ate melissa
it's really boring :\
got the x-mas tree in for this year . . .
nailed the interview on klgo the word (98.5 & 99.3) this morning ! she is a world changer !
tony hawk meets angry birds - running boards
tonight is not my night . . .
sorry to hear that , if it makes you feel better my flight is delay because they forgot the food cart :)
just peeled off a call on a $850 bluff . ..i'm on my a game !
what the hell are you doing in #bellevue ?
it hurt me like hell , so i have ignored their advice that i should get a checkup each year .
has run out of positive things to say about herself . the mud slinging has started . . .
hey , i'm making your grilled thai steak salad for dinner tonight .
goodnight everyone . . . . .
folks are so messy
most of the ya books i've read for class have been about 250-400 pages a piece . depending on the genre .
tell everyone you know that you are dieting . it's a lot harder to quit your diet when everyone is asking how your diet is !
who ever installed them must have been a certified ass clown .
the radical right are like termites eating away at the structure of our democratic society . ..it's time to get out the pesticide !
agreed . looking at decarta which uses navteq and tele-atlas data .
5000 event flyer printing in new york city for only $175 > call 1-800-printing to order today !
whoops i mean a while back . . .
you're willing to watch a 4 hour long chick flick for the beck of it ? :o how are you still single ? lol
haha it was funny:)
i'm sorry about that peter . we'll get those picked up for you . could you email us at ? thanks
hot new arrivals in luci . . . enjoy 50% off by mentioning twitter ! we are testing the results from this !
one week from today ! !
lmao ik but i thought u were the girl that had them since sophomore yr
trying to figure out how to spend 540 million since i'm sure i have the winning ticket is not easy !
tell me somthing i dont know . . .
my php code is starting to look a bit like javascript lately , and i like it
sb 174 moved to the foot of the calendar
i get yelled at because the rental car is $40 -_____- like really ? supposedly the guy is supposed to do this stuff . idgaf
. our secret's revealed !
i'm positive !
i think iwordswordswordsm bringing some sweet baked goods to chez huffencooper/ bell tower tonight , most likely cookies of some sort .
rt flight attendant on american reamed me out 4 playing words w friends while we sat at the gate , not moving .
the only thing more epic than today's chelsea barca game will be the party roman abramovich is going to throw tonight .
do for me and ill do for you .
hey ! want some hot cocoa ? ! first 5 people to come say " 25 days ' til christmas " will receive a free tall hc! ! hurry before the day's over !
i want a personalized tag for my car . isqrtremy . ..that's hot huh ?
italian officials call off underwater search for missing in cruise liner grounding -
had a long night couldn't sleep but i'm good tho :)
only god can judge me . . . . . ? why would he judge something he created ?
big game today the one everyone is waiting for vs that team in topeka . .great day to be a hornet
demoing neatline wordswordswords extends in powerful ways
i have to die with money cause i wasn't born with it
ur mistaken . i'm the pink panther.i will find out who started the rumors &who vern really is.hiding behind a hackers mask !
so proud of and michelle buteau . . . showtime , baby !
let's go to meadsssssssss and not leave :|
hahaha i love you too . and that sounds like a bladder problem . get checked ?
i'm free next week . my schedule clears up .
rt : the always lovely joined loretta lynn on stage tonight for " coal miners daughter " so great!! . . .
daughter of andrew young , andrea young discusses her role as a producer on crossing in saint augustine
i love when inspiration strikes . just finished making four button magnets , three hair accessories , and six rings !
productivity is word for the day . bathroom has already been scrubbed !
after all , what's a life , anyway ? we're born , we live a little while , we die
hey friends what would you all recommend as far as the best local spot with a great beer selection ? nice tourist asked me !
schwartz prize honoree dr . peter onuf speaking on thomas jefferson's founding
happy saturday everyone . . . ..studio bound
thinks that somewhere a bet has just been settled , favoring the unlikely .
thank you ;)
as familiar as i am with , i've never actually used it until today ! amazing app . not sure how i will be using it though .
lol i hate my ass v.v
i am good . i love your pic .
oh people pay attention - the beauty of twitter !
twitter thursdays is going to be crazy this week dont forget to be there for 50 cent drinks & ladies are free until 1030 ! get there early
my day was perfect until the end of sixth period.i swear some people can be such ass holes . . . .
really ? wow that's dumb . twitter needs to stop being drunk . hahaha
wordswordswordsrt/ i listed to some of your music and i love it
in the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity . ~ albert einstein
theoretically , i see it but i think you underestimate the suckitude of bad failed pilots . even snark can't save some of them .
it is the inner bond that draws one person to another , not words . ~rumi
pass der like three times in my life but never been der but always been curious on how it looks inside
s/o to the #loyalfans of your #chicagobears!!!!! ! we are !! ! !
have u ever heard of a lazy fart lmfao (inside joke)
happy ascension day of jesus christ
why is everyone in v diaries dieing ?
ditto , except mo and i am going for a run right now . gonna be brutaltown .
yeaa 2012 has been having amazing tracks so far haha
good morning d.c . ..or shall i say maryland . there so close i'm so confused ! lol
gettin my hair done!( :
those irish dancing wigs are something !
in college park , at the national archives today . so far , so screened .

i want a damn smart phone so i can steam line all this social networking stuff .
im always missing your follow sprees :/
i'm kinda obsessed with reading your tweets
i think kayla is going there tonight . maybe she will see you !
wordswordswordsif migrants are seen as good enough to work , then why arenwordswordswordst they good enough to stay ? wordswordswords
narrow-minded people canwordswordswordst entertain paradoxes . . .
yeah that house that people took prom picture at
mt : from new uw prof who studies twitter mt : fascinated by dialogue around
as a bucs fan im use to watching the draft without the bucs picking wordswordswords : in the 3rd round . ..no picks in the 2ndwordswordswords
i feel like i haven't talked to in forever even though i saw her today what is this
surviving chicago ?
damn poor guy on 104.3 !
#shoutout wish he would #followback . ..i got a few #dukies already #following . ..is dat 2 much 2 ask
ok just trying to figure out if im going to pedicab or not ill keep u posted , should know soon
fellas all you have to do is be real and respectful to woman
stupid lessons.rt : lesson : pepsi likes to see you hurt . coke likes monkeys who help dragons belch fireworks .
interview tomorrow at sol tan & spa . i need this job !
drinking chamomile tea and listening to the summer bugs chirping .
check out for maryland baseball info with head coach and md legend bernie walter
congrats!!! ! that's awesome :)
several brokers and managers are on the way to era's international business conference . looking to bring back great ideas and tools .
how about florio from ? rt : chtv readers bug the hell out of whoever they want on the show via twitter .
what up tweeps ?
i'm glad no=yes , flip-flip=clarify , and journalism=union-shilling for vosd . don't let wayne use you like this . . .
hey niall ( : good morning from u.s wordswordswords
in forever getting compliments on how healthy , straight , and shy my hair is^_^
thanks for coming ! !
" : spotted : josh beckett sneaking out of fenway park carrying a golf bag."< with a 6-pack of bud and a bucket of popeye's chicken
join us at the senior center tonight to learn all about mifflin at 7pm
wow crazy wild game ! can't sleep on no man . can't go cold in the 4th .
i wanna see if kobe gets a pass
what do you think of dj-ing an event at the san clemente aquatics center ?
a syllogism : tea is made from evergreen plants , camellia sinensis . evergreens are one of the heartiest plants . therefore , tea is hearty !
beating the travel agent with your computer | world of travel market
happiness is nothing more than good health and a bad memory . :)
wherever you go , no matter what the weather , always bring your own sunshine ~
yes . it is .
you know went to my school right ?
no problem ! if you have any questions , let me know . =)
thanks ! so far i'm loving the way it looks on my wall .
wow . just wow .
not sure on the specifics . you should definitely ask around and research it though before you do the court thing .
always remember where you came from .
stros will have to eat a ton of cash this season but myers , wandy and even lee will produce good to great value in trades .
thank you , tim . fascinating article . and you were spot on abt tchrs & tech !
table topics contestants speak for 2 minutes on a 5 word phrase (ie : reading fiction in the desert.) what's the origin of the 5 word phrase ?
headed to #vegas in 3 weeks ! first time ever !
you are so cute ! i love you ! :)
starting work on our new ep ! recording today
could john edwards be a bigger dbag ? that swoopy-haired jerk makes clinton , jfk and newt look like saints .
is anyone watching the celebrity all-star game tonight ? any celeb in particular ?
happy mommy's day to all you moms : )
time to move my ass lol
i have no idea what i'm doing with myself anymore .
i'm so happy that i got to see frances and jasmine ; it's been like 2 years ! o :
narrative jujitsu , hahaha
possibe t-shirt time if we can get flowin . kids #ultimateskel right now
steve orque and jennifer ray played into the wee hours ! long , but fun night at #pts winterwood !
everyone seeing & & & have a blast today give them all hugs for me :)
see bybloggers.net/wckc_cpt.zip for sample code from custom post types session
on her first time registering voters met her goal at four !
ah , i didn't see that . interesting idea , depending on the community . i'd be worried about the small dev with the next big idea . . .
mt over 500 candidates taking certification tests tomorrow via myrealtimecoach . preliminary results in just 5 hours !
you too! ! it was a beautiful day here . ..lol hence the reason for moving :)
still the question remains- greece , italy , or australia ?
quick stop thursday . ..be through around 4pm! ! !
no i'm not dead >.> . ..not that anyone cared to ask or anything :3
having an early dinner date with louie , and the restaurant is playing a lot of justin timberlake . , make more music , please ? :)
george zimmerman speaks in court right now " i am sorry " he says
omg thank you so much ! ! <3
unnecessary roughness ? that got us the touchdown
i'm willing to pitch in 5yrs of fantasy draft analysis experience to the team for 5% .
ok i just said it i hope it goes well :/ i am so nervous . .
rt:silas reed gibson is here ! 7.5 lbs /awesome ! congrats ! can't wait to meet him !
working hard to bring you all more book blog goodness for tomorrow .
ladies and gents make sure and follow he will follow back and promote you to his followers ! !
awww whatever rt : longest #openingday game in major league history . happening now in progressive field . 16th inning .
i like see you doing boxing bahaha , i love u so much<3
i hope you get some patrons in adorable costumes !
dear internet , i just taught my aunt how to use facebook . i'm sorry .
happy monday ! who's planning on coming by this week ?
when takes hours on the other line <<< hurry up ! lol !
my ambition can take me far so can god
i feel the same way . i love that tea .
class in 5 hours but i don't care because i'd rather spend my last few nights here with great friends reminiscing on great memories . .
what a fun service ! let us know if your fans ever need catering support
fat , a person has to burn
i know api calls are limited to 150 calls per hr per account . not sure about ip though , so you sure about that ?
tom boonen is having his own #resurrection this year on easter . he has just won the 110th #paris-roubaix bike race .
trader joe's pasta with belgo anise imperial russian stout . thick and spicy . just like my men .
recycle your christmas tree at edco station , at 8184 commercial street in la mesa between december 26 and january 15 .
does moss have a prayer of scoring any fantasy points at all this year ?
it apparently took engineers three hours to install
of course! ! rt : thanks a ton to for not one but two pairs of emergency contact lenses , i really appreciate it !
if you let me , here's what i'll do ; i'll take care of you .
#expowest was really fun and informative . we got the opportunity to learn more about
retweet if u get lazy at work sometimes lol
thanks for the suggestions !
yeah , yeah yeah!! ! wordswordswords : cute sheldon has been adopted! ! baroooooo!wordswordswords
luke my dog is telling me to let him out>>>guessing that to go out<<<< !
vendors restrict borrowing period on #ebooks - ex : 3 , 7 or 28 days . not long enough for
jackie brown was a lot of fun
i would love to go to alaska , with or without the workshop !
in a fight with my best friend . clearly she isn't my best friend if she is picking fights with me for no reason . ) :
i want my damn car already
and how much are universities , worldwide , spending on them . say , over the course of 10 yrs ?
coming up in about 10 min . a look at the proposed lloyd blocks apartment development during the 4pm news .
congrats to everyone who ran in the pittsburgh marathon ! personally i wouldn't run if my hair were on fire so i think you're all amazing !
wordswordswords : the bacon grilled cheese was good ! automatic pickle is a nice perk.wordswordswords what's a lunch without chips and a pickle right :)
i bet the t-rex used to get joked about all the time in high school wit them bony little arms , but guess who got the last laugh ! !
bout to watch the avengers in like 5 minutes with my teddybear ( : ( :
dang it ! little kids in my subdivision get me every time with their cute lemonade stands . .
wish he woulda dun that skit rathr than bore me to death wit his life story a few weeks ago @ acme
fountain square - from whence i came :) . and thank you , i can't wait for some good times ! !
free tasting of stateside saison at the wine source . watch out ! this guy is going to take over !
this the type of game boston will win
work worth doing is worth doing well .
just tapped , brewing lady jane special bitter (replace ace joker hard apple cider)
nm music you ?
believe tour will be unbelievable
wisdom and deep intelligence require an honest appreciation of mystery .
through presumption comes nothing but strife , but with those who receive counsel is wisdom (proverbs 13:10) .
sorry i'm not that type of dude
spending the day w/ heather getting last min projects & things done because she is having her baby tonight :)
happy friday ! : happy aloha friday !
ha ! they had u tapping out young ! haha
i'm not from ma , so i don't even know how awesome the station is :-/
why they blastin music at 2am
right on ! we need you a " young world entrepreneurship " read his book :)
one lab left then
is it stupid that i want to see the lucky one ?
romance and your lms ? you'll think differently after our webinar on turning your lms into a profit center . tues . , feb . 14 sign up now !
time for a midnight snack . . . . .
just get through this day .
film day 1 : wrapped . dinner time . :3
still can't print the free tickets! ! i want it so bad !
wow can't believe #whitneyhouston is dead . ..so sad she had an amazing voice
have a feeling they could be working on a mcgehee trade ?
i wanna ' kiss #oomf so bad .
(waves) thank you for rt ! hope all is well ! :)
didn't you get the memo , we are a christian country . i myself was left off the memo list .
using data to make decisions precon #pla12 . increasingly clear that libs make a lot of value jdgmnts abt " value " of what libs do .
please do not trademark royalty free images even if you incorporate as a part of your logo .
i love your hair streaks it's so cute!! ! you and justin make an amazing couple :)
the #browns finally select a player in rd3 , john hughes , dt (cincy) . no wr in sight .
i'm hurt . i like jazzy fizzle better now!!!!<\3
continuation from episode 4 of tough love new orleans tonight at 8/9pm!!!!! ! make sure you watch!!!! ! !
terri's tuesday tweets ! transform 2012 - 25% off the early bird price use code ttt25 mpsconference.com
i hate being bi-polar . it's awesome .
great to meet u ! hope u left w a new porsche . talk soon ! finally !
that's fantastic -- welcome to the roc ! see you in the fall .
rt microsoft is investing in barnes & noble . get ready to have to close and reopen a book randomly to keep reading it .
they're cloves !
tan , clean cut , muscular country boys <3
sure thing !
please try adding a seattle tour date ! #bring1dtoseattle 1
#askmichelle is trending ? aww guys , you shouldn't have ! but seriously , where are my questions ?
our rental car has sync . and it sucks . know why ? it's powered by microsoft .
i don't know why you find the question offensive , but i don't really understand what you're asking .
good morning tweets !
which is just as accurate .
thanks bud , about time
yep that is my take as well .
i say there's some things worth fightin ' for
any new airlines or new city anouncementscoming in the future
love " under the radar " films . ..will have to check this one out . thanks !
might go out tonight
me and at his shoot
i hate waking up to birds chirping .
haha . true . he could say anything and get away with it ;)
#ff great insights are gained by following
hey charles why dont u have a twitter account ?
this is such a weird day . i wanna sleep in ;x
love a good lazy saturday , time to hit the grocery store and get cooking .
holiday party!! ! everyone e getting ready ? ! ? ! ? see everyone soon ! !
seems like everyone on twitter is either on or getting to a beach somewhere . that makes me feel like crap .
just saw the first 30 min of the rough cut of tringled and i must say i feel very good about what we've got ! hope you will too .
well then all i can say is . . . enjoy the little things . . . . life sucks
let's make great videos together . video production students , join vsl !
yes ! , it is the photo you took for the -good shot !
ortega products ? that is fitting .
i have #exclusive junior .net developer role in #cambridge mass need some #html #css #java or some #ios . definite .net though
go for it!!!! ! at travail we salute you x
" success is not final , failure is not fatal : it is the courage to continue that counts . " - winston churchill rt
glad it reached you , and thanks for the rt ! *love*
hey im downloading it!!!from philippines here . ..:)
#lakewood briefs : lakewood has comission , board openings
great choices - thanks for stopping in !
enjoying my bowling night and then its breakfast at ihop baby . . .
did anyone get into google+ ? do tell .
you have now been officially booted from 426 .
wordswordswords : what's the point of a phone if you're not gonna answer it!! ! wordswordswordswordswordswords #whatmydadalwayssays wordswordswords
why don't i see it on ub ?
hang with cody simpson
hawpe golfs one off his toes for his fourth homer of the year , 1-0 rox
movies about cheating always make me cry
just heard from bandhappy at #techbreakfast - great concept for music instruction .
happy birthday !
playing the epicurean society dinner . would rather be eating .
up for role on royal pains today . drop offs to several recently met cd's and a meet w a director for some fight choreography . luv a busy day
saw that this morning and it does sound interesting . is it new ?
also has fun leap day specials with a chance to win some admirals tics during happy hour !
dear mormons - why do you send your missionary boys to vegas when we have a ward on every corner ? no wonder people think you're nuts ! !
yes please . i miss you !
lmao just seen it wassup with chu tho what you up too
" you must be feeling better today . your hair looks so much cuter than it did yesterday . " - my loving coworker . . .
impressed by the sheer variety of techniques used by practitioners to find mvp and prod-mkt fit .
i had a 750 calorie day
congratulations dr lockridge !
just because you have a six pack doesn't mean you can model . . . it's all about the face darling . . . which you don't have
i'm overjoyed w/ the hudson loft series . it results in new friends , books , & ideas for us all . i couldn't have hoped for better . thank you ! !
did you just think that out load ?
oh , and that hole in the jet bridge ? yeah , it's leaking a constant stream of water into the boarding door . that seems safe .
so i have to take a shower now to get ready and ugh need to do something with my hair .
nothing in life is to be feared . it is only to be understood . now is the time to understand more , so that we may fear less
it may seem silly but that doesn't mean it's not important
ok i'm gonna,make a scene . time to come clean !
i'm bout it today lol
nice!! ! it's gonna be a nice day man
yes and if you are going to trott around topless sweetie , i am your gay friend !
dms received , thank you .
miss you man !
congrats to you , #spam should get you banned
rt : " if excel is marijuana , then access is heroin, " drugs for datanerds ? matt carroll , boston globe .
i think you guys have started something great here . :) follow me ? xx
two great games in progress , i have said it before and i'll say it again , we don't dream of great games , we spread ' em !
make moves and stay consistent .
did you know that 1 quart size jar of jd's is enough to make 25-30 one cup servings ?
what's the most that you've ever taken before ?
bandits won yesterday . devon had 4touchdowns! ! then us ladies just hung out with a stripper pole . so lots of laughs
:p just me being a dill weed
thanks for the #ff , always appreciated .
except for the article about boro gallery . . . . i hope u liked it:)
amazing race : i see rach's red hair .
what is your position ?
for when the wine is in , the wit is out . thomas becon (1512wordswordswords1567) catechism , 375
seriously considering getting a crab cake for our wedding . . . #delish cc :
i lost someone who i love very but i am trying to let go=)
rt : not being able to buy booze in gas stations or grocery stores
we #welcome #nato and #occupy have a good meal . .see a show !
standing in hail--i love it !
tough , but duke just choked (no thanks to refs) so i'll trade the unfortunate for jubilance ! that's
those who realize their folly are not true fools . " -chuang tzu
you're the best thing i never knew i needed .
success is often the result of taking a misstep in the right direction
. . . school . . i'm so tired though:/
tell me about it runs
follow me british peoples ! i love you! ! !
yeah , i know it's the soap . unfortunately , second straight day with a sick kid home from school .
oh hello sun !
a competition to be the only one who gets your attention ? i'll pass
if by gross you mean amazingly delicious . . .
i'm in bed lol
hey everyone i am casting a lead for new entourage like web series . early 20's petite party girl . ..this is a reoccurring role . .contact asap
you will find rest from vain fancies if you perform every act in life as though it were your last .
tweet me and i'll tell you what i think about you ? ( :
wow , thx for all the compliments ! i'm going to take you up on that cause mkting follow up . . .
rock off ! thanks for the mention , as always . ;) xox
correlated big utility data for the #smartgrid is not only in consumptions : efficiency , facility , maintenance , behaviors , pv , dr , industry . .
i get tears in my eyes when i listen to justin's new single , turn to you
hell yes ! you still in ?
we'd apologize , but have you seen the matthew bomer song ? !
so i'm heading out the door . ..with one eye open 4 any of #teamponytail members . oh , they're everywhere
i love the change in seasons and the cool crisp air in boston this evening . . .
once i enter 10th grade in august i will have come farther then both of my parents education wise :,d
i appreciate it , bridget :) rt hahaha really bridget . ..lol
rt - when the rw cant find anything else , they use " birther " 2 attack opponent . elizabethwarren has class . scottbrown does not .
omg that's like almost close to my birthday ( :
it's gonna be awesome when i turn this postseason domination into 6/120m from the #yankees . hey , i'm coming for your job .
the fact that that looks like they just took the picture now is what killing me
im at home . are you in the band hallway ?
if the nuggets beat la it'll be a good night
why is it so cold outside ?
s/o to my new followers :
thanks for the follows everyone :)
fall fundraiser ! oct . 17 tickets $12 . auction at 6pm . show at 7pm . more info . . .
black by popular demand :)
i am going to use some of these tips . plan to go to vegas next month for a few days and the prices so far are outrageous ! !
rt : please show tannehill's wife . . . ..please show tannehill's wife . . . . . .say pretty please!! ! !
our national nurse week celebration continues today with an appreciation reception with senior leadership !
no girl could resist this line : rt is your name ' obliviate ' or are you just naturally mind-blowing ? hp7
it's confusing because you're 200 pages in and the bird still hasn't died . . . .
go girl !
great to link up with you ! !
joe walters is leading the knighthawks in points this postseason w/ 10 . he also leads the office in ticket sales for saturday
how was your day mama mahone ? ( :
ew , this one lady carrys her husband urn around everywhere and now she eats his ashes . that's so wrong
ted dibiase was msw #2 face behind junkyard dog . best friends , jyd was dibiase's best man in his wedding .
thank you for the #ff mention !
i can't wait to skype tonight ! you better now be #awkward again !
finally began my cheese shoot for didn't expect to start my morning roasting marshmallows . (photos later , i promise.)
from a fan to an idol , happy birthday!!! ! :d
if you & your spouse switched phones for a day . would you still be together by the end of the day ?
i haven't heard the response yet , i've just heard my mother facepalmed
follow me @ roshirtrnoshirt
thank you very very much =) i appreciate that a lot =) thank you ! thank you ! thank you ! :)
shop from home , useful , green , safe , 40% off . full time income . doesn't pay to work a real job anymore , amazing 4 people . c what i do ! 4212
what's wrong with you fam ?
yikes , i'm getting way too twitter chatty .
real hoopers wear nike socks and sperrys
where will you be for new year's eve ?
mainly the ones at my school .
rt : " nyc has more college students than boston has people " received a round of cheers .
sign me up for spring break !
true beauty can be seen beyond the illusions .
a5 : no , i haven't completely told a story through pics , just used them to enhance the blog . i will try it though
lol , thank you :)
i don't really even do that . ..at least this year . i am so uninterested to a point
there is nothing in which people more betray their character than in what they laugh at . -goethe
$2.50 you call its tonight ! bulls @ charlotte 6pm
thanks for the follow ! hope your weekend goes well !
todays gone dead fast
look for the girl with a broken smile .
pubs and friends are nice .
can't come half stepping if you tryna get it all . . .
off to facilitate a client's leadership development forum that combines case discussions with action learning . awesome week ahead !
: --- tomorrow is a day off then back to the fight.and i'm staking the jap again --- staking the jap ? who's the jap ?
hey i'm bored lol #twitteback ,
lol so jamal and his friend just left lol the had me rolling when my daddy came in they got all scared
ooh yes u got dat right
how u get into dat lol rt finally i'm out of twitter jail smh lol
i hate guys ! really really starting to think they are all the same . . i'm so done with being the second choice !
while many people in ed hate (irrationally , imo) apple , many many many more hate blackboard . net win .
rt via- all followed this saturday hello
have you gotten your workout done yet ? i'm off for a bit of mine shortly ! nia at 9 am !
cant wait for rezurrection
merry christmas everyone !
watch dante in the overtime concert @ bowery poetry club jan 19 at 10pm ! tickets are only $15 , say dante @ the door! ! !
what #topshot fans out there thought it unfair that chris shot at lt blue targets while will shot at bright orange targets ?
ready for bed and its barely 1pm . . .
thanks ! i read it too , nice piece . what are you up to these days ?
it's slippery out there . be careful where you walk as you come into wafrique today . lots of items on sale until saturday .
kiss someone because you want to , not because you have to . <3
old #theoffice on netflix . s/o to damon for getting me hooked on it again
totally ! can't wait for the beta test drive :)
indeed . what is the world coming to when holds claim to nothing ?
jades water broke in the cab . i told her to push , but then she farted .
cool , can you share on here ?
indeed . . how are you doing tonight
darn . was hoping for another double-double for ryan evans . 1 rebound short .
congrats data finalists !
thanks for a great season !! ! can't wait till 2012 season go pack go ! ! !
man i love ur song bass down low
doing it the right way ha
were you advised to order " animal style " ? or maybe you're going with some other more obscure secret menu item ?
gagagagaga ! for braunie . that's what we the business call " the dagger " .
way to go !
so cold in my apartment brrrrrrrr !
hope you feel better bby! ! loveyouu
girl , everyone thinks i'm nathan but nathan's account is <--- this is kristen right now ( : lol
oh , that stinks ! so sorry !
never again
hm . . . was that u in white ? xd woot ! you & are djin live . i've missed hearing you two dj . will be tunin in
normally we'd send but he's been out of commission since last night .
united plumbing retaining locally rank for internet marketing - san francisco chronicle (press release)
recovery workout with my athletes at 9am !
cake ice cream and moviee don't forget nutella and popcornwordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
you gotta spend your last dime before you ever make a million
yes ! i'm hoping to be done with this draft before my wedding in june . . . i think i might be a bit insane .
watching creighton vs . north carolina with viggle sun | 5pm | cbs get real rewards just for watching tv .
had a typo on the other tweet i did .
tomorrow is going to be a coffee 24/7 study at barnes and noble kind of day .
has anyone used olioboard before ? i'm finding it very slow to load .
hey plz #follow me
nice #grandcentralbakery product placement on . supernatural tales , keeping portland weird .
r.i.p dick clark
; running around outside with my little sister , eating a orange && drinkin ' water <3 yeah , i love this weather ( :
have you tried #pandolfisdeli meatballs ?
i may have peed on your bed once . and i'm kinda sorry . thats payback for leaving me outside .
we have to do something between #composerchats !
good morning & sm00ches to all my followers !
good morning(/
diesel got me lifted i guess i'm just flexinnnnn
can u follow me pls joe it would mean alotwordswordswords
the medical term for a hiccup is a singultus .
college t-shirt day at work .
i wanna go back to the blue lights in the basement and music made you fall in love . i wanna touch ole teddy & thank him for saying we belong
thanks for the retweet
dont live in the past , live in the present and for the future . "
talking to my crush about the stupidest things >>
if i ever run out of peanut butter in my dorm i'm probably going to have to resort to cannibalism
maybe going to see " what to expect when your expecting tonight . " i'll be sure to give an update as to what to expect before viewing .
it's msnbc or the obama network rt " : msnbc is still airing obama singing clip . it was a week ago.wordswordswords
got da massive ass migraine
its hard when someone special ignores you . its harder pretending that you just don't care .
sir,u may want 2 remind repubs . it's more cost effective 2 provide disabled folks services needed 2 stay at home,then nrs . hms .
i love love
prince tonight ! woot !
i freaking hate rain to .
. . . developing satisfaction from use of leisure time , social responsibility , and friendship .
" don't catch salmon or any electric seals . i don't eat those . "
how is tim geithner's head so . . . .vertical ? like someone put it in a trash compactor .
so im workin on this song . . . its gonna be way different than anything ive ever done . i think people are gonna dig it tho
marty!!! ! protein drink
i really love ricky dillard . ..johnny gill . ..honey . . . .
i always wanted to ask what your background was . ?
a4 : linkedin groups is a great place to meet people .
it's as much a literary and existential experience as a game . i kinda sniffled at the end :(
i just finished a 3.01 mi run with nike+ gps .
i just remembered , i am miss pilipino 1991 . i won $500 , a trophy , and free pilipino food for a year . also , i lied about my heritage .
lol i love you
haha indeed indeed
yes she will! ! !
go talk it over guys .
facebook special : free 200ct box of shop towels with $40 purchase , or free twin pack with $20 purchase ! (riverwest)
also , i'm a freelance blogger now . if anyone really wants my terrible opinion on something , just ask ! i'll be glad to give you 200 words .
you're in vail ! ? i'll be there tomorrow! ! !
omg i had mine on since yesterday lol
delicious summer evening . . . spent unlocking the secrets of beethoven's pristine 4th piano concerto !
wiki has gone into hiding in the basement . tried to coax her out , but didn't last long .
when can you get the sushis ? !
this saturday 02/11 at 49west coffeehouse , annapolis accompanying
i've got coffee , so everything's fine .
a boss's boss
our sub bus driver is freaking the f*ck out . geeze , calm down lady
seriously i do wonder if your head was covered would they be so nice ? #antiislamteaching is concerning . . . .disturbing . . .
tell your friends to follow laughing buddha !
i had hot coffee
. ..about to get raped by the tax man! ! !
that was probably the greatest thing i ever witnessed . so much respect .
is there an aa bibliography format for #sente floating out there somewhere ? don't relish making it on my own . . .
readyy for the weekend ?
bad thoughts leads to bad decisions
spring is around the corner ! come on in and take a gander at our new bikes ! use your card for a sweet 15% discount on apparel !
" should he get a pass ? " smdh rt : lol already tryin to make a built in excuse if 6 doesn't win bc of the bosh injury . no .
very astute observation . remembers stuff only for one side . . . .
ur icons r outstandingly great and vic uses them which makes u even more greater
the last thing i want to do is annoy you baby
ace parking is a company but ultimately we are a family . without the support of each other we can't be great .
our pick #fogc is up 50% on 243m vol
kudos new york !
what sort of project ?
she ain't ugly , she just ain't skinny lol
who am i . " don't hit my phone no more yo , you ain't a true friend forreal doe "
i miss my android . damn hoodrat stole it after a month of enjoying it . here's to you , escuela t(._.t)
hey arlene ! so great to connect
(q4) rachel bilson ! laid back and put together . . . and she loves dr . pepper chapstick like me !
hello , love ! keep up the great work ! ;-)
people , take a minute to give one of our own a birthday shoutout - happy birthday rohan / !
i will anchor .
i want to make sure #cincodemayo is celebrated accurately this year . . . so glad i purchased that poncho in cancun
no doubt , dm me .
notice me out of 20million #believe 28
ewww a lot of these dudes are gay undercover ! ! wordswordswords
my dumm ass just found out i could disable the dlc maps on #mw3 & u will get nothing but low ranking noobs will try when i get home #rape wordswordswordswordswordswords
greater #roc health foundation information session in t-minus 2 hrs .
it was so fun , can't believe the amount of icing the child consumed , though . =)
lmao was it a good 1 :d
follow me now
haha . you're a fool d .
just in case you forgot . . . has 53 beers on tap . dare you to try them all . . .
had so many good scenes like when you gave up trevor or funny scenes when you married jake whatever you choose should win
hey , good luck on the 5k today ! i hope you have fun , well at least as much fun as you can while running 5k anyways !
ha rt : this is the first time all year i've actually paid attention to the #snf opening
the secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes . ~ benjamin disraeli
well you can most definelty apply motor learning principles but what kind of artic kid are we talking
just taped some breaks on kpbs-tv children's programming . . . .stay tuned . . .
i still remember the first day i meet ! 2-4 ! friend/brothers for life!:d
i miss you too boo! ! !
i wish i was ! i've used up my conference/travel $$ for this year . i'll tweet it anyway though , don't worry .
morning austin(( :
no ma'am !
yup ! division rivals , go time ! sweet about the ak plate too !
man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain
what's ya up to right now ? at this moment ? would love to know !
s/o to c/o of 2012 on graduating today
feeling like a productive day today ! snows melting away , the sun is out (sort of ? ) , got my bauhaus coffee and i'm ready to go !
i really should write that dream down . it involved libraries , amazon's createspace , self-pub aus , indexing , and general freelancery . :|
ministry in this place!! ! !
on my way to see wit . tissues ready to go . i hate when my bosses see me cry .
that's it . we'll have to settle this now . i'll get the car .
i think it's safe to say memorization is not my strong point
" experience must be placed in context . "
#onlyif she was mine :/
i need to understand why there are so many blowouts during this playoffs . . . wtf is happening
yeah reppin 414 on mke day #jordanbrandcassic watch it now on espn :) jp scored the first 6 of the game
overcoming ego is a huge challenge that reaps great reward! ! !
apparently she just came out .
all the scatters came . ..wearing sombreros
that is a better sign than an editor saying , " i'm having a hard time editing this story without using profanity . . . " ;)
by ' him ' i meant your cock , but you're right ;)
drinking coffee and chasing a song .
i bet you wish there was a rewind button , don't you ?
excited for today . seeing a lot of my girls i haven't seen since school was out and hanging with the fam ! :)
sure will . ..we'll catch up sometime once we're back . . .
it's ok #devilnation . remember last series ? didn't philly score first in every game we won ?
" think before you app . " - i love it !
what you up to :*
hi , welcome to abercrombie . our sizes are : small , x small , anorexic , bulimic , and malnourished .
at work my man . . . . . . what's up with you ?
adams point is blacked out .
do it rt : im seriously about to unfollow you . . .
be sure to check out for all of your website needs ! :)
two free appetizers when you stop by bar bouchon today between now and 4pm . ..ask for jonathan
we watched the classic albums documentary for aja on netflix . good stuff .
wordswordswords : if jesus christ is all you have , you have everything you need.wordswordswords
thanks for the follow ! we love anybody fighting against money's control over politics .
hey did u win for dj of the year at the bet awards i was rooting for you : )
we want to know - would you get a service animal to assist you with daily activities based on a disability ? what type of animal would it be ?
i love to listen to the rain and watch the drops pound on the illuminated pool .
rt : he's doing lots ! has athletic training company (for kids ages 8-18) also a foundation working w/jax schools/kids
-lazy kids ? kids do not get everything they want in the world . why don't parents see the importance of this ? too bad , read it .
walking on the beach
time to hit a tunnel and pay no toll
seriously exhausted today , after portraying an emotionally super-volatile version of lady montague all day yesterday ! rock and roll ! :-}
i go on the computer for just a minute but i end up staying there for 7 hours .
new michael kors !
ozzie has been looking for a pass rusher to compliment suggs for 2 years . finally got one .
i just finished a 3.01 mi run with a pace of 8'51"/mi with nike+ gps .
thinking about going back to sleep *yawn* . want to play tennis w friends later hopefully before it starts raining .
have you had a chance to listen to " the wanderer " ?
prepare to say ' wtf ' out loud at least a dozen times .
build array of validation errors , json encode , post of display controller
one of my favorite restaurants that i never seem to eat at lol
im covered in bruises :( can i use makeup to cover them ? oh well they're on my legs i'll just deal with it
son of a b . ..whore . . . ..ahole
how did the jacksonville jaguars get 2 home monday night football games this year ? 8-8 last year . ravens , 12-4 last year , 1 road mnf game .
super exciting for #demilovatoinuruguay !!!!!! ! y love u wordswordswords you know ! wordswordswords
thanks , you two ! hope all is well . i'm writing city of ghosts right now--trying to make my deadline !
that rather brings tears to my eyes . it's beautiful .
yes , i saw them in concert at some dive bar in tucson a long time ago . --it's like i'm in a way back machine .
settin up shows after february . . . be ready ! ! it's goin down ! oh , va , ny , wv . . . game over !
come get pierced or tattooed at the buddha since john c , jerm and gustavo have time to tattoo and chris will pierce all day long !
they killed it<3
awww , really ? of course you can trust me .
but i'm getting bands$$$$$$$
the center from wisconsin reminds me of a cross between tyler hansbrough and john rocker . maybe a little luke harangody too .
thanks ! we're at it already . . . .rt : [brian blade] fellowship is a big inspiration to me , good luck in the studio !
great drink and discussion about #healthcare and #ipa with of #astellas pharmaceutical
rt : miss you too hun ! tx needs more girls !
i told dude i have a power strip in my bag too . that's just good *camp etiquette though .
woo celtics won .
we provide therapy to students and their families for a variety of issues like anger management , etc .
why do i end up being the only girl with grosssman & his friends! ! ? ;
you rock! ! !
i mean , re : gervais's new show , i almost cried . it's about a low aptitude man working in a nursing home . including karl pilkington !
he must have good eye sight #justsaying .
or city.com free email ?
congrats on the phone call frow ari!! ! :) have fun and tell me how it goes ! :)
beautiful day stop by the response booth and say hi
i hated 3rd rock too . glad i wasn't the only one . ;)
just listening to music n watching music videos n chillen
from bully boys to wimps : the decline of sa&#39;s military
it's thunderstorming , i'm listening to billy joel , reading poetry by bob dylan and drinking tea . this moment can stay , i won't be mad .
i think i might loathe powerpoint . when it's bad , it's so bad .
what does the front office hope to do ? put derek fisher in a cryogenic chamber and try to add years to his career ?
i laugh at the grief #mubb is getting if i was on the team in college i would've been kicked off the team after orientation weekend
work it purple swing johnathan alter and howard fineman . a special dedication goes out to you . have a youtube moment ! nld mom/ca . survivor
baseball and softball size #hail here in pharr , tx . ..from the sound of it my car is gonna be totalled .
cooking with
he looks like an uptight dad from a john hughes movie
my eyes don't shed a tear before they pour .
hey :d haha
i was by your homestead for a movie tonight and all i could think was " watch for crazy bus people " .
mexico in 4 days . . .
possible next step for union would be to add teachers to that list . . .
straight up i hate casey veggies and always will .
watched my first episode of dr . who today . . in love <3
i wish the average american sports fan could comprehend what is doing at fulham this year .
you earn respect .
go to gym or watch j lin ? can't decide .
yo yo ma & philip glass . ..a match made in heaven
i see in my blogworld session . i sure hope to get to meet her in person :)
is a legal framework necessary or even welcome in the community ? asks
rt : the fastest growing groups on linkedin are students & recent college grads
how long since ur last trimming amigo ?
happy hour in the lower east side !
ive been very good . but i thought you didnt like me ?
watching bush perform live on vh1 <3
#current mccain's wife just looks pretty . michelle is pumping hands and gathering feedback ! what can't the " others " see ?
#oomf is looking a little rough since the last time i saw them . wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
welcome to a club of losers
bills fan worried rt wordswordswords : because he's a big name and fans want to hear it . rt why is the backup qb having a pc ? #tebowwordswordswords
jameer is just going wherever he wants .
the mac and cheese stand is closed . i'm about to go ham on dan mason .
i think hussain forgot to mention my birthday dinner as well ( ; hahaha
the 48 wins in darlington . congratulations to rick hendrick , who just picked up his 200th win as an owner . an amazing accomplishment .
when she lays down with dogs , she wakes up with fleas .
thank you :) <3
rt : " life consists not in holding good cards but in playing those you hold well . "
ill see u at registration buddy =^__^= >:) better watch ur back
well ok but tweeting isn't mandatory .
hi , my name is ______ and i like orchestra .
hehehe :d i like the movie tho
um yess ! lol i was just talking to looper and kevin about how i miss you , like 4 hours ago . =d
never again will i have a 5 hour energy shot and a rockstar together .
im not usin the fitness ball you guise -__-
what ? ! ? ! ? delete every 4th email ?
ok time to get friday work day over so we can get the weekend started . oh yeah i have to get some work done first . details .
the taps are flowing again after 2+ days . . the bucket showers were fun but i def appreciate the running water . life is good in
i am so tired but i have to go to physical therapy .
you should make and their cloud product in that link as they are one of the market leaders .
just bc the right pulls quotes from founders referring to " god " or " religion " does not mean they ever intended our gov't run by it . . . .
dear abby : 11-year-old should know table manners by now
suck it los angeles
thanks april . make it a great day !
" wanna know why you don't see no smile . . . prolly the same reason you don't see a child " lito ultimate warrior
happy birthday to one of my best friends , wish i could be with you all tonight
i hate
everyone should be lucky enough to have a friend like
recently i asked about road names and would any country be daft enough to name a street:loser ! & um there's a loser lane , california ! lol !
darn you for bringing mama's peanut butter cookies to hqs today . good thing we're doing so much walking !
merry christmas ! i am counting my blessings tonight . god bless !
mobile apps as the new meanwhile , filling what had been " down time "
pizza of the day : italian sausage , pepperoni , bacon and onions for $11 . mention tweet get free toasted ravioli !
i love that my rich kid private school is located in the wordswordswordsof the ghetto !
i have been listening to that for at least 2 hours tonight ! on replay ! and on youtube watching your videos!.( : iloveyou( :
if u believe the government has the right 2 take what belongs to you (or someone else) , you are advocating a type of slavery .
yea like 10pm
king the forgiver
thank you !
why ? so we can watch him play more golf
if only parents knew how to control their children smh
destroyers score another td make it 14-0 with 14 minutes left i . the 2nd quarter
all caught up on all tv from last night , a few thoughts . . .
- gotta love oklahoma !
i will wake up from my dreams . .go to work . .finish school . .do crime scene . .and be strong and alone if i must . .
i don't know why destiny allowed people to meet , when there's no way for them to be together .
at least long days at work mean ending with
people who tweet themselves are pathetic
christmas at my sitty's house wordswordswordswordswordswords
adding to my previous note , all of our minds are blown :) thanks for the valentines treats ! cc
got that ass in her avi
" and yes her ass clappin ' so that's a round of applause wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords " -j.cole hahahaha
my girl the only brunette/latina in the top 5 ! #1 was only fitting for someone as sweet & beautiful as u
hey , please follow back ?
memory is a way of holding on to the things you love , the things you are , the things you never want to lose . ~ kevin arnold
guess what i get to listen to on the way to work this morning ? not cds ! goodbye , ghetto , hello
next time i check your website to " cosponsor " bills , i expect to see hr 2885 - would help millions of unemployed americans .
i agreed rt q6 i think more ppl will start caring when it's finally implemented . for now , though , talk is just talk .
#nowplaying wordswordswords david vendetta wordswordswords alex guesta feat . lili rose - thank you
lot's of changes to facebook . now our facebook fan page is not working . anyone else having that problem ? tj
you must be dumb if you dont know austin mahone .
everybody follow
who are you talking about ! ? ! tell us! ! !
follow back and i'll dm you . . thanks for the response ! :)
#sometimesallagirlwants a guy that actually admits his mistakes as much as she would .
going to get santa's gift for one of my kids from the neighbors garage soon . my son is still too excited to fall asleep . :-)
oh man . lol
#babybashbling welcomes as swag bag contributor and products to models for " bump the runway "
you must begin to think of yourself as becoming the person you want to be .
lil wayne rt : man what happen to american apparel :(
remember " pop metal ? " what the hell was that !
wordswordswords : true or false : the knicks are way better without amar'e stoudemire.wordswordswords < true
remember when it was just us 2 eating a funnel cake at disneyland for vals birthday ? lol
my editor + i chose the same breakfast off a 10-pg menu . gotta love like-mindedness !
cause of what all your saying
well we all know how you're gonna do on that
oh , good , you sing , too ?
you know it . . . the only way to get it all done ;)
larkin i believe will be back still a fan of his tho
watching hoops .
i really wish u talked about neurofeedback for a neurological issue . . . especially in lieu synthetic drugs in the brain
well hello there tweeter !
yes , the #umbc library is even open on beautiful days like today ! open until 6:00 p.m . but the rlc is open 24/7 , just like our website !
know what u want & what u want 2 pay . nothing wrong with purchasing processed human hair wordswordswords itwordswordswordss all a matter of preference and your budget .
almost lost my oldest son 8 years ago in a horrific crash . no words for what you're going through . be well .
hey your tweet pic you look sexy with u pretty eyes so when you coming to miami you know the playoff start go knicks
haven't been on in a while
thought the same thing ! !
we're putting on a fundraiser for qkid's school - lots of items donated by the community - 150 to be exact - gosh it's work !
remember push-ups 1 of the big 4 exercises you should do every day ! keeps you strong & builds your core strength ! get core strong:excercise !
throwin money in the air like idnt really care
will you be my bestfriend ? ( :
you guys should honestly go listen to miley cyrus's version of bob dylan's you're gonna make me lonesome when you go . it's amazing .
me too . it has been too long .
i was totally there today
i know ! roxy has come a long way since season 1
titanic ? meh . im holding out for super fuzz in 3d .
come see us tomorrow @ 6586 centennial drive , reynoldsburg , ohio . numbers @ 8:30am . doors open from 9am to 3 pm .
tomorrow will go to school and i will go see titanic in 3d
. ..so ready to hear this verdict !
i deleted my fb page .
watching the live broadcast of junior seau's funeral at the channel 10news station . it is a sad moment for san diegans and fans of seau .
also , will definitely be in sb in early august! ! !
i'd probably be reading if my book wasn't all the way downstairs . wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
congrats winners !
ending today!visit us online during #nurseappreciationweek for 20% off top lines !
rt : can u remind ur nc followers to go vote against the homophobic amendment1 . ashamed of my home state of to the polls .
beaglin at bobby's !
i have a couple of new artists that i would like 2 promote . . . what type of promotional packages do you have available ?
why can't i just get over you already ? ! ! oh ghaaad ! help me !
i love naps . they are one of the greatest things ever created .
moving to nyc is officially set in stone in my head . so,i'm not stopping until i get there wordswordswords
life is just better with melted cheese in it .
same here d :
what's new in the music world ? you tell us . . .
it's not a huge story , but it's relevant b/c it provides a glimpse of who mitt is . something he doesn't give us in speeches .
not as embarrassing as me walking into the wrong dormitory room today thinking it was my room
i know she is!! ! happy first 4th to sweet baby boy !
getting excited for tonights meeting with ! learn how to #brand yourself at 7 in cmu 126 ! see you there !
thanks for the follow ! we are honored :)
that awkward moment when your prom date tells you theyre gonna be 6"0 tall in heels for prom . . .
your support is so appreciated ! it's a hard fight and your help is needed! ! let the manager know you won't cross a line !
will you have a role in the expendables 3
just walking down the street in boston and i run into shane battier .
#shoutout to weed cures and helps anxiety . i am very nervous now i wish i had some
today is the start of our spring in water boat show at " dog days " here at lake of the ozarks . looking forward to great sales out of it !
does everyone deserve #pr representation regardless of ethics ? answers a toughy . simple answer : " no . " sometimes it's right v right
i made it home in time . why ? it's time . ha-ha !
you can definitely .
any desire i ever had to take a cruise is now gone .
hopefully they had the krispy kreme icing too . rt : had 3 consecutive dreams about jelly donuts .
50% increase in staff layoffs alone this year . no , that won't hurt quality of education one bit .
yeah cuz my eyes are irritated . .
there's no such thing as virgins anymore . especially if they know who is .
so tell me why was lebron name mvp ? idont see a reason
first thoughts on 2 and a 1/2 men . time to clear tivo .
yo -- when you doing your #kcur stint for the current fund drive ? been saving my nickles for you all week !
vedendo fast and furious *-*
a song about what it feels like living in a " fishbowl " without any privacy . or one about what gives u your strength .
so jealous .
no joke when family members are ill & they need your help . i need some herbal tea . stat !
i give you permission to write my unauthorized biography . oh , wait . i guess it's authorized , now .
hey , the bullpen did their job this inning !
thank you <3
if that's the truth , you need that cheesy line .
up early . . . houston bound . . . wuz good
thank god bro .
im seriously trying . ..its like sometimes i love her but then i dont! . .im so weird . .lol
where did my maybach go ?
love my 2 + hour voice/life lessons
at $8 a box , my creation isn't that fun . :)
but the " pixel density " would still be too low to be retina display would it not ?
i need help i need followers please help me i follow back ) :
happy cinco de mayo all! ! be safe today and tonight! ! and don't drink and drive wordswordswords
said by my 4-yr-old after i bought him 3 hermit crabs : " i love them so much . i will put them on my nipple . "
i can sit and be on my phone all day and not get bored
which " well-regulated militia " was zimmerman signed up w/again ?
getting stares for singing while i walk to class . headphones are broken , i need some sort of music .
peek into the future - cember trend briefing : 11 crucial consumer trends for 2011 . www.trendwatching.com/briefing . via
what have you pledged to do this year to save our earth ? wants to know . i have pledged to conserve more water . wish me luck !
thanks for following
did " boo-yah " start with cypress hill ? also , can we be done with that ? it's pretty stupid .
final friday , reds game , princess & the pea , emery opening , experimental film cincy's got it going on .
remembering that we've made a few really great , lasting connections on twitter today . love it !
friday food pairing (alberta st . edition) : rice balls from yogio food cart and sencha green tea . our favorite combo at the teahouse !
gonna be at the european wine and spirit festival at the sofitel chicago 5-8pm . pouring some premium greek wines .
finish following
haha . i can see that you're pretty excited about the #bowday :d
idk man nah not the same as last night . i feel bad .
delicious foods that could be prepared quickly or with minimal prep work that also are healthful . would be a weeknight lifesaver !
even " you look nice today " means " you usually look like crap "
no ! we can go together ! just sit sepeartely ! amanda's going ! she might have lawn !
quite a game - bracket busted - congratulations
what about tech you're not developing ? you can't build everything .
got simple #jni example working with #jamvm on #openwrt #kamikaze 8.09.1 . finally progress is being made .
my boi sully leaving . ..figured smh
happy birthday sir elton , one of the greatest performers in the world !
right , anecdotes versus survey data not equal
two goals down and arteta is out within 10 minutes . wonderful .
just got off school
ali made it happen
tonight : unsigned talent free (must bring 1 person who is not an artist) . karma lounge , nyc - 51 1st . ave . corner of 3rd st.10pm , 21+id , $10
dont try to fix the piston if its the rotor that's broken . .
rain rain go away come again another day . ..any other good rainy day tunes out there ?
major congrats to on the big move to marie claire !
checking out decko keith's profile
you're better off drinking water . lol .
portland personal trainer kisar dhillon offers fat blasting exercise tips to a six pack
this has turned into an impromptu bar mid week bar crawl for some reason
jefferson davis .
:) thanks so much for the retweet !
ha ha gmen rule !
game 6 of the 2011 world series . .remember it people , this will be talked about for a long , long time . .
clearly i chose the wrong panel .
hey , family , are you ready for a new semester ? we are ! good luck everyone today as spring 2012 commences .
figured . that pissed off a lot of people .
gonna watch atleast 30 more times before it comes out on dvd
it's sad but true . . .
my phone really is a freaking distraction for me !
gm , happy wednesday & happy lets get focused day b/c the week is almost over with
leave your corner of the world .
totally psyched for an evening w/ the late great whitney h brought to by none other than
thanks girl love the support ! keep with me please!<3
thanks!! ! hit up the tracks at myspace.com/kkal21
i'm at parkside having free food and drinks , but i return to my post soon . ;)
what color to dye my jeans ? open to just about anything . mint ? blogger blue ? turquoise ? chartreuse ?
the one that lalainaai10 had on at the softball game . .
i'm looking for some wordpress braniacs in austin -- know any ? please send them my way !
my feet have many lego induced scars .
love my follow profavor thank you for your
delighted to see all the tweets of those starting & returning to nursing school . if you are ready for the next steps call (888)682-2761
hey girls , what runs have you signed up for ?
everytime i try to leave something keeps pulling me back telling me i need you in my life
anyone else having trouble with #pandora at the moment ? i can't get get any music :-(
why would it be important , from a preservation perspective , for a jpeg2000 file to have between 5 and 32 decomposition levels ? why not 4 ?
i actually believe he existed , not necessarily exists . i love that jane goodall believes in him .
s/o to my new follower ! ! !
way to go #rbj best of the web
haha awww i wanna see her now
awesome! ! a plus tard !
late dinner !
why can't you ?
yes , i did just curl my hair to wear a hat .
what's happening ? a pants off dance off in detroit . dealwit .
let's dance ! did you know improv dance turns stress into happiness ? free event in building j tonight at 5:00 !
club lacrosse starts in a week .
ha lol do we really kno what love means i mean we say it all the time but do we actually mean it
i'm in labor rt celebrate labor day weekend with some laughs is back at this saturday , 9/3 , at 9pm .
we are watching our team go from being #1 in the west to out of the playoffs . this is sickening . give us a positive anecdote .
well even though it might be hard to believe , i'm pure white . . . so i get freckles .
yeah his three teeth don't help either
i thought he was gonna say something like that he got signed . . .
eating dinner at famous daves in everett with monica , andru , alijah and veronica .
lmao pretty much you in a nutshell
if a zombie is decapitated and the brain is in tact . does the head live ?
at u of t , they created " modules " relating to crit thinking & research methods that can be used to support variety of disciplines .
hey sasha how ur summer coming along , i know it been a long since we talk , but i don't be on twitter like that.i'm onfacebook
watching the #nfldraft these last few days . feel bad for the players going through the process and those not getting picked . #i'msuchagirl
ferris buellers day off is still the best movie loll
us motto for 2012 : walk like an egyptian
i was having such a good day until this
i just made my first sale!! ! i am so excited! ! now if i could just get some people to book some shows ! :-)
so stoked for june 11th when a place bury strangers plays !
i cant even look at you . when i look at you it makes it hard for me to stomach the fact i even dated you . .
happy birthday to lincs fm
thanks for coming in ! rt for lunch with family . delicious as always ! !
i'll be there first row !
we'll prolly be there all day
in henderson , mn looking for my classmates . the flooding in incredible !
definitely twitter . i am seeing tweets come up in tweetdeck now that i switched to the computer .
#lasttimeichecked this is my twitter , so don't tell me i tweet too much or i shouldnt tweet this or that . don't like my tweets ? unfollow me .
hey , young world ! wordswordswords
awww i dont know that is really odd maybe its in select theatre or something or maybe in certain areas either way idk
for who ?
alright . thats the 3rd drink today that ive spilt . its time for bed .
is coming to an end . ..venture out of the gaslamp to 1927 4th ave . (by balboa park) . our happy hour is super hero approved !
rough rough day first my red wolves lose on a last second shot and now my celtics lose to the clippers
i wonder if my mom gets annoyed with me calling her ten times a day . .
i hope the owner of the fabric store doesn't think i'm a stalker , sigh
anybody want a roommate ? im willing to pay rent
god morning . <3
sounds like you have a tweeting toddler on your hands ! as long as he re-tweets - we approve ! :)
back #reading mysteries : hide by lisa gardener and queen of the night by j.a . jance
meron reblogging me on tumblr , yet she say she was going to sleep ? ol ' lying ahh ! hahaha !
we are happy to have you join us ! what a line-up of awesome speakers !
low key i wanna say it's kobe's for that dumb ass turnover -.- they could've won !
it's 2011 . stores need to match competitors ' online price . and i should never have to print a coupon .
i should have , and miss you to!!<3 and yes of course ;)
since school is out im going to the library
she said some beliebers . calm the hell down .
segment has many competitors and a low barrier to entry . ..social coupons .
jesus said " . . . . . " about homosexuality .
thanks bernard and hope you are well and let me know if you would like to donate for my books ! cheers , layden .
can i be your nandos ? so that you can eat me ! :dd
thanks for following us ; we're now following you too .
i reeaaallllyy want a pair of pastry's! ! !
i hated him b4 more . (youtube trick shots , cavs bench dancers) . decision dumb , people should let go
is there a ceremonial unleashing ? or does an arborist just come and do the work , unnoticed ?
im getting so sick of internet commercials . i can't even watch a 5 second clip before sitting thru some dumb ad . . this sucks . . .
remind me how hirsch turned out . . . .
if u know me u know im often goofy n sarcastic . im a loyal lover n i set goals n work hard . i can def b quiet but i prefer to laugh n talk
strength isn't measured by muscle . . .
swing batter . . .
yeah i was wondering where yo azz was @ :-p
we are celebrating our 2 yr . anniversary all day #abq ! come by and get your #free doughnut of choice at either of our locations .
has him going 4th to portland , which would be a great pickup . especially if coach cal follows .
are you tired of neck and back pain ? did you know that pinched nerves could be the cause of your discomfort ?
what do you mean disappear ?
one band , one dream , one brit , one direction
130th airlift wing , wv air guard has three aircraft n crews deployed in afghanistan right now . . .
. ..and now up , usd economics professor alan gin .
at my first #ukbaseball game ! hoping for a win vs the lsu tigers !
haha you're so right !
hats off to the big homie tom lawlor !
with anna and bri doing anna's nails for prom ! :d
i like the way you think wordswordswords : thanks to the storm the power is out -nothing else to do but open up a bottle under candlelight.wordswordswords
the heart of a true pokemon master .
rt : mamas don't let your babies grow up to be cowboys .
my pulse is racing . . .
all this studying makes me feel a little sick .
woohoo!! ! rt : lots of raves for
ironing my shirts while watching mad men seems fittingly domestic
oh okay okay i see what's up
thanks for the follow !
it's " oh , i want to dance with somebody " not tonsil hockey . rt i want to kiss someone for about 25 minutes .
tried telling them,u picking the wrong team--->
thanks to for being our dance group of the week ! who's next ?
u should probably use ur hands to drive instead lol
go you ! !
it's not that late . . .
i'm so glad they won tonight . 4 in a row ! !
special shout-out to for spreading the word about #tedxmid yesterday . our second highest live stream viewership was from egypt !
hope to see you at the speakeasy this friday . playing as a 3 piece band for one night only . it's a one night band . can't wait! ! !
wordswordswords : why do people spend time searching for the closest parking spot possible at the gym ? isn't that counter-productivewordswordswords
nice chatting with you erin :)
omg my love only for #boyfriendvideo could not be more excited . rt if you're excite!!!! ! !
since you never hand off with the ball two inches from the ground , that wasn't much of a fake .
bort is ugly
usgs : strong 6.7-magnitude earthquake shakes central chile
www.theallertonhotel.com see erin mcdougald quartet in m avenue lounge (2nd floor) 7-11pm . awesome venue ! jazz to carry you away . . .
getting better over the flu , but have somethimg on my mind wish i had a girl to confide in or just speak to :"(
#ff an awesome group spreading the love ! friends of ours our band ! help us get followed !
i literally just cried listening to #sanctuary . so proud <3
i wish !
don't even call me , if you got about 2,3 other boos !
interesting that mainstream us beverage companies help support
today is the first day all week where i wake up way too sore .
andrew sullivan and tina brown are supervillains who must be stopped .
happy birthday chad
and that is the gazillion dollar question i've been pondering the past 24 hours . if you figure it out please share .
you should check #kindlegraph and sign also kindle copies :)
everybody get up , it's time to jam now
yuppers rt : music lovers , educate yourselves & cop pet sounds/smile boxset now !
(cont.) or if people could order delivery from concession stand right to their seat . it's an amenity that's worth an extra fee
did u know mushrooms absorb water ? even from the air ! instead of washing them next time just clean them with a damp cloth .
i need someone to hang wit ?
we communicate on so many different levels , not emotionally , just electronically , i cant remember where the last message
council passes the 2012 budget for cleveland .
i'm noticing most ppl are like that .
loving listening to & , your both amazingg<33
i saw both samiam and archers of loaf this weekend . partying like it's 1999 , y'all .
" let's do lunch " -me to dog before making a sandwich
haha that's so funny
the goby was wreaking havoc on the local eco-system . the only good thing scientists could say was that it ate a lot of zebra mussels .
bobby the brainiac heenan
i somehow lost like a third of my followers.(thats only like 22 people) . and i wonder,"am i that offensive ? i must b doing sumthin right !
digging a huge hole in the ground and getting payed $60.i lot of work but it is worth every penny of it
that's the estrogen talking :d yes men and women are different so it is foolish/unfair to judge women by masculine standards :\
looking 4 someone who has job shadowed as part of exploring what kind of job/industry/career they want 2 pursue . dm me . rt to denver-ites !
today's cardio : running with darla (woof!) , jump roping (cinderella kissed a fella) , and just dance (wii)
say hi to for me !
" i don't like sex , period , but i . . . "
3 more hours till spring ! i want to the off all my cloths and run down madison avenue singing spring-time in new york
#gardening all am can't decide whether or not to prune my blackberries ? prolific all winter & still going #houston pic.twitter.com/o6xzs8zp
we look forward to this year's photos and post . hopefully we see you before labor day though !
money = means to an end . not the end itself . more money = more problems .
in the midst of color correction for looking good and we're almost there !
smh you could of made a depth move at dt later then that .
there is one thing about eureka that does bug me and that is taggert's accent . he does not sound like a real aussie at all .
wordswordswordsour mind is our best friend and our worst enemy.wordswordswords
yea i literally caught the end of the game phila has talent they just have to close
hey lit mags : have you registered for your table at the houston indie book fest yet ?
great love affairs start with champagne and end with tisane .
yes , anything out of the ordinary will get all the press coverage .
pshh would never be my ol lady
i gotta spoil myself
#faveavenger hawkeye . he would win the hunger games .
longing for the tweets of yore . . .
considering you're trying to run it on a slow righty , that's the point . . .
im still on the fence about going . . . ..im scared of haha
hey - #atlanta " tuesday night jazz jam session " at churchill grounds nightclub on peachtree is sensational . visitors must see !
i did look cuz i thought he was ! plus hes my favorite btr person ! i love him ! and i really care for him !
silly blog
i feel like i'm cheating on sporting by wearing my cubs jacket . oops ?
been on photoshop for an hour trying to edit something . ..nothing significant progression has been made .
someone give me a job , please . i asked nicely .
i've also been reading the books . this coming from someone who never reads fiction . they're amazing so far .
oh noes . . . . foursquare updated their api requirement . now my 4sq hacking will have to get more savvy . :-)
dang its 1 but it feels like its 8am im so tired
river city,would you like to come see and hear some authentic lynyrd skynrd music ?
watching my favorite mua live at
1 - rt these tweets and let know your sick of daily harassment .
just did ! you sing incredible ( :
after an adventurous and fun weekend it's back to the grind . have to get after it this week and every week .
kobe took that shot in the face from dwade personal . ..see how he destroyed dwade and fouled him out . love kobe's kill attitude! ! !
(also , their headline writer gets bonus points for using the subjunctive properly.)
thx for including us !
your phrase should be " v-necks and gay guys! " haha although i doubt if your gay
i was trying to find some books that were written in my birth year and spotted this . . . looks . . . .interesting ?
legalize it ?
no beginning is ever perfect and no ending is ever happy .
dawn this is so true . . . !
twitter+the snowball effect : more people now talking about r-truth trending than the reason y he's trending in 1st place !
i think that's weird . our fat asses sit online all day telling people they're holiday is on the wrong day . . . lol
i know right
i'd rather not sleep at all . sleep is a short death .
third witness for defunding pp claims : " there are so many people waiting to adopt . " there are also far more children waiting to be adopted .
avala resources provides update on the korkan resource definition drilling program and continues to expand korkan east . . .
hot pitch : parent trap 2- the twins have been separated for 10 years . this time they meet up again- in jail- they are cell mates .
working on a new song ! hope to get some drums and vocals done soon . .
missed seeing you all at #12ntc and dm me some possible happy hr . date .
30 minutes to go before my tournament of champions begins we are playing for $1k winner take all
bout to head to da sudio to finish the mixtape up
if you work just for money , you'll never make it , but in the event you always put the customer 1st , success would be yours .
" cant let no pussy come before my baby ,not my baby ,no way "
" they say that true love hurts but this could almost kill me . young love murder this is what this must be . "
the idea that once you achieve wordswordswordssuccesswordswordswords (whatever that is to you) , you will then not have to work so hard is not true .
its alright we'll get em ' tomorrow ! wordswordswordswordswordswords
im not sleeping yet , but im about to finish studying ! !
ik dude idek what happen i lost my gage hurt sprit :(
all this time i been following
1 month till tour begins . this will be a life changing experience . let's make the best of it man .
the husb . is currently working on his presentation for emma's class tomorrow . i think this is stressing him more .
can't deal with lou in that shirt .
underrated musical : lucky stiff
cabin in the woods was great . when will this joss whedon associated cleverness end ?
!!!!!!""!wordswords !!! ! rt : i notice the sneakiest people tend to expect everyone else to be sneaky . #factualfridaywordswords
#bookaday good luck , anna hibiscus ! and have fun , anna hibiscus ! by atinuke love this series set in africa
dont let the secret get out
as the man ages , certain social and psychologic factors influence his sexual responsiveness .
pretty girls shouldn't waste time on careless boys .
thanks for the favorite and we have returned the favor . we hope you have a great weekend .
working on a new real time group chat feature for #ipresentonline - testing out both #pusherapp and #beaconpush - no decision yet
cancelled - barry manilow from the kennedy center spring gala due to " scheduling conflict " (yeah right!) he was replaced w/ chaka khan
you're killing me pack
picture time ? haha , & what other chick wants me to ? lol
rest in peace mca . . . we will make sure beasties get played tonight
did you know , our partners in retail , taverns , restaurants and other #shopsmall businesses have #rtsdeals that are " better than good! "
up watching idol and that guy truly don't care
history , archaeology , and enviro edu signage installed at maximo park in st pete ! big thanks to city of st pete parks dept .
you know it girl !
going home , need prayer again , my legs are acting weird ! im crying cuz im afraid of wats wrong , they keep going out ! !
a hair dresser just asked me if i wanted hair tinsel . . .
see you tonight for an evening to celebrate our african heritage hosted by the#embassy of the republic of south africa , washington, . . .
the down side to working with all ladies ! i can't talk #sportingkc w/ them . . .
can i call you my southern belle after today ?
finally home wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
bummer . . was looking forward to hearing ben fry
wordswordswords wordswordswords don't give your all to someone that doesn't give a damn.wordswordswordswordswordswords
were you are the women in science event tonight ?
tar balls are washing up as our water's are being closed . ..what is your biggest concern regarding the oil spill destruction in our area ?
a candlelight vigil for yashanee vaughn slated for 6pm at ne 92nd and russell . we'll have a live report at 6 .
about to bump some tde and knock out the homework
note to self & mt : new preservation week map feature coming soon . displays pw events in your area .
this must not include vumc food . re : #vanderbilt dining services ranked 6th among usnwr top 20 schools .
rt what are your favorite healthy week-night recipes ? // lookin at you here chef dads ,
i hate fast things
my question is , why is that god forbidden show still on television ? ! ? ! ? ! ? !
me either! ! sounds like so much fun !
i shall rectify that soon , heh .
i'll be there . it's my first print judging ever so i'm nervous and excited all at once ! i'll be dropping my prints off 2day
i hate school . atleast therres only a couple weeks left
thank you for not taking me to task over " ignorami " vs " ignoramusus" . lol
longest day ever ! thank god my amazing man is cooking dinner wordswordswords
#raw10 freeway : freedom of speech tour live april 13th.rhythm lounge n long beach , ca roy anthony is there !
congratulations are in order for winter and wesley . their wedding is today - " an enchanted garden " !
in thinking of how soon our little girl will be here , i inadvertently got " the final countdown " stuck in my head . and now it's in yours .
wordswordswords : if u can't c ur belt u need help lmaowordswordswords #swaglife follow : &
badder than bad she is smokin ! <:\> *christina the cuban*
who has the most effective means (idea) for ending child abuse , spouse abuse , substance abuse or something of the like . . .
watch these devils they dirty . . show no mercy ya family be cutthroat too . . .
just had interview for american bmx magazine about sport psychology , interviewed by lovely guy from a rather stormy arkansas .
twas lovely seeing you two !
awesome - glad we could help ! rt : wow . that was super easy . my students will love it . thanks !
on bus to see #dalailama at ucsd . traffic not as bad as expected
very vera wrong wang we don't glove you anymore .
see you all on june 8th at jovita's for our summer series with the lucky tomblin band . no cover . starting at 8pm .
rueben randle goes ahead of kendall wright , alshon jeffery , stephen hill , and aj jenkins in the rookie draft . still not my cup of tea
haha , but it's true !
why am i so sleepy yet so unable to sleep ?
getting ready for run this evening !
dear espn announcers : the clock stops on the timeout which you will see their head coach does not immediately call
wow a long day!! ! alright enjoy the rest of it then . . . and don't work too hard lol ttyl
i see you and lil jon jon on the pic
go buy them then!!! ! lol
it's a writing day - how and when to make a decision . how do you decide things ? even no decision is a decision .
paint , dog farts are delicious rt : what's worse : paint fumes or dog farts ?
easter break ! !
good morning and happy thanksgiving i hope you have a wonderful day!!!<3;d
i wonder if the #cubs should market more to international fans , because wrigley day games are watchable even with a time difference
#dyk by using a ceiling fan w/ the air conditioner , you could save 4-8% on your bill for each degree you raise the thermostat .
come on mocha . . . do your magic monday morning thing !
c'mon . ..i could look up some tickets .
pfft . aint nobody going to church at five in the morning lol . maybe around ten .
happy for you , chris . you seem very nice !
seeing ' reports of rioting in lexington .
hunger games at midnight tonight w/ & some twitterless peeps
hello zayd , yes we are near new york city . where are you little rider ?
do you have any questions on how we can help . email us
#thadienewton and #idriselba are my inspiration .
sorry , it all happened pretty fast , tried to let everyone know . thx for the kind words , we'll always have hotdog plays of the week
yessir , luckily i dont hv 2 go by the curriculum bc i'm sure as u know , the info is really good but it isn't culturally relevant
patsy can't resist a buttery nipple , look out cera !
god bless you (( bunches)))
" a man's heart plans his ways , but the lord directs his steps . " -proverbs 16:9
got bieber fever and simpson syndrome
museums i'd like to work in : western museum of mining and industry , thomas jefferson's poplar forest , burlingame museum of pez memorabilia .
omg it's the finale !
good strategy ! would also make a good drinking game , if i were to , u know , play those things . . . ;)
packaging sketches complete . i want our boxes to be collectibles . reminiscent of hat boxes
now that is how you do a disaster movie , bay !
i hope everyone had a pleasant christmas yesterday . my one mistake was renting " inglourius basterds " last nite . not a good one to watch !
watchin . ..while eating lucky charms . . . .ahaha( :
congrats reporter marty s . gets 3rd place star investigative reporting
y'all better just hamonize !
this rain makes me even more desperate for summer -.- can't wait !
add vodka to her water , and she'll be walking on her hind legs before you know it . . . .
rt " if a person reads things thinking it's about them , then they're guilty of something " so freakin true ! lol
the night is still young !
omg me too ! i have this + a huge box of korres stuff ordered a month ago i have yet to try ! #product.hoarder :)
omg your background . lol
experience , from spain . that's the cost of plastic bags at checkout & nearly all buyers are deterred by a trivial two cents .
does anyone believe that paul solman of pbs offers balanced journalism ? no wonder pbs can't get public funding.~d
im so sleepy
i also would have gotten a tattoo of it too though
i'll get it to him tomorro when we train wordswordswords : did u get ur bozekennels shirt i sent 4ya ? wordswordswords
i like that criss cross thing he did yes cant wait till the billboard awards
hash slinging slasher
the absolute only thing you'll need today :
i dunked in high school , it's been awhile though
man , let me put this bong away .
zip rt : i like run like you need to catch the bus . ever see someone trying to catch a bus ? amazing
i'm very jealous that is having the bday party i want ! i want performing at my birthday on the 27th !
i guess we were wrong about distractions getting to the lakers
its like i'm being punished . is making me listen to country music in the car and then i get to go home and watch real housewives .
moebius has passed away . his work was a big influence on me as a young wanna-be artist .
we all have our bad games . we just gotta learn from our mistakes & try to improve on them .
i look forward to meeting you in san diego . i'm on a panel after your keynote and i'm bringing the beer .
practicing my british accent for tomorrow . . .
haha my fat ass is hungry ! but don't wanna get up . . too lazy !
rt : from the first black american president , we should expect nothing less then the courage to stand firmly for civil rights .
hey tweeples , spring is in the air . ..wait a sec . ..that's bbq i smell ! stop by and see us :)
twitter jail . he's good . . .
two wins in a row ! and i missed our goal again . . . it seems like they only score when i'm not watching the field
wordswordswordstheir devotion , their valor and their sacrifice will live forever in the hearts of their grateful countrymen.wordswordswords - general john j . pershing
yes yes and yes ! do you know the location of the sd drybar ?
caden have you got any crazy text yet ?
so on my way to work this afternoon and eating my cereal in the car , i suddenly hear " is that peanut butter crunch ! ? " very enthusiastically
you can be my friend . ( : teehee .
non-demoninational prayer service for #chardon , today at solon high school staring at 3pm .
he's had his fair share of baserunning mishaps . the time he got picked off against philly comes to mind .
you'll do great! ! !
the said " black ppl or most likely to drown than whites " i cant argue wit that kuz i knw hella blacks that cnt swim including me lol
aleba and i just went in the same stall in the mens room that was so not okay
fallow back :)
from frozen cd players to bleeding dancers . . . tonight was an adventure in stage management .
#halloween wknd - love@ first bite on friday and #halloweenball on saturday where u could win a trip 2our casino in
you should have played achilles in the troy movie ( : looking better than brad pitt lol
tweet about the show tonight with the hash tag
i gotta problem wit smoking my problems away
happy birthday to my mama ! breakfast in bed , and hitting up ti pool wordswordswords
hold fast to dreams , for if dreams die , life is a broken winged bird that cannot fly . lanston hughes
what the hell why do you need one of those ? trombones are so much better .
thinking that if i can just keep adding things to my list , i may eventually get far enough behind that i feel like i'm in the lead !
you're messing with my head , boy that's what you do best </3
all for the the kids . ..btw why do i not have your number , you stinker ?
rt : change is inevitable , progress is optional .
u ok
hey acc ! follow for updates on #accbattleofthebands !
i thought it couldn't happen to me because i was young w/low bp . i never heard of hellp .
getting a mani-pedi with my girls !
my 16th birthday party
scott wallace re-read the hobbit & moby dick for inspiration in pacing his writing !
how's having time off ? boston would love to hear what you do in your free time . follow back !
so apparentlly i'm subtweeting . .first of all anything that i've said has nothing to do with dat situation . ..so yea your caught
lol rt : tim tebow visited the statue of liberty today . marking the first time he has successfully been inside a woman .
you share your opinion , don't be mad when i share mines .
where"s the party at ?
christina ricci looked petrified to be speaking on kimmel . good look for an actress .
my car slid and decided to diced to give the wall a love tap while going up the on ramp for the west end bridge .
good morning sl nation ! tune in to sl tv online and indiana comcast 81 today at 2p for vs .
" is that a turtleneck ? " i believe the new term is roll neck . and yes . yes it is .
oh no wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordsgirl talk soon!! ! !
. ..but once it got going , holy crap it was en fuego . therapeutic , even cathartic . ksmith is a frickin ' ninja . with laserz .
follow your dreams , but just make sure you have fun too hehehehe
thank you ! !
rt : q1) you have to participate from home not the office i think ! #lrnchat <true - had hard time trying to attend from office
i've got a bad case of scmea .
feeling recommitted to all our efforts ! nothing is too difficult , especially working together . a koudmen for
which message , what i miss ?
out da shower nw it's time ta gt dressed fa work
please , you're so beautiful . i love you so much . you're perfect skiwsdjfuidjfru this video perfect holy jesus
follow sexy ass 4 a follow back ! !
wish i had a bike rack for my car so i could easily take it back and fourth with me
rt we are live right now #new i got some new usher , mavado , camron , & frank ocean ! #itsgoingdown - im in wa tuned in
weather tweet --tonight severe warning : heavy snow , 27 low . grab those snow boots , you'll need them if class isn't canceled . . . .
jus concentrate on basketball sinatra #nyk big win today
it amazes me how fast a 2 1/2 hour flight goes by when the plane has wifi . nice ! a no h2o chai and life w/b perfect
glad to hear queen z is doing so well ! best of luck big girl ! can't wait to meet your little one .
this paper-view you got to pay for this
will be open as normal tomorrow . browse dozens of vendors and get your groceries for the week !
it is ! believe it or not , i live on busy 4 lane st in pasadena . but amble coverage from greenery which makes 4 perfect hideoutv:)
gasp ! they're both wonderful ! bring kleenes to les mis . . .
great day in orange county talking about the importance of life-long learning & personal development . never stop working . . . on yourself !
second too last car . plenty of room
nyr with another power play . .
#musicmonday do it ! !
austin's first video on his own channel was a cover of the song " never say never " ( : rt if you like that song . wordswordswords
all is well . no flooding . fee minor branches . trees staye in the ground . all fine on your end , i hope .
you know you're a swiftie if you don't give up on your dream to meet ms . swift :) kepp on dreaming swifties xoxo
so glad it is friday<3
great tweeters ! sugarfiend
oh ok ha idk then lol
noted - thanks for the suggestion , chris !
#thingsthatmakemesmile complements :) and i love them all
that's what's up .
graveyard movies tonight at 4am . viva las vegas plus wild guitar . where else can you relax with a zombie and a double feature at 4am ?
eaters ! lil sis and i are cooking anniversary dinner for our parents next month . suggestions for an a+ main that isn't chicken or fish ?
this shuttled driver is riding everyone's a$$ lmfao !
artist lucian freud leaves $156 million in will : paper | insurance for . . .
i can't choose either . i have equal affection for and it's like choosing a favorite child .
#q1 i would argue a more varied audience would make the conversation more engaging .
proud of our pr students ! mt just met w/ pub coord for great #sdsu pr student w/bright future ahead of her !
it's a question/issue that comes up every year and she's always on top of it !
love love love that song !! ! makes me wanna be wild !
i dont know where my phone is . i need to check in to heathers lair !
thank you :)
what's your beer nerd guilty pleasure ? ' s is leine's berry weiss , but people judge her when she says that .
feel better !
its annoying how a shirtless guy comes on tv and everyone looks at me . . .
we are curious to know . ..should we add #smokingcessation to our program ?
may all have a happy weekend ! :)
i would say they are spending the money on deliberately corrupting the data
ine really care to be honest .
i ate so much chick ful a . <|3
rt " when love + skill work together , expect a masterpiece . " john ruskin
i cannot wait to go see at hershey this summer ! ejeufbeowhru i'm so excited!( :
#ff to my fav #health & #fitness bloggers :
we should start a band . :)
the most i've waited for a ride all day was 10 minutes . i've been to 2 parks and i've rode every ride in both of them . now to magic kingdom
makes instagram look like they don't know what thr doing .
just to let everyone know . .el salvador got a medal out of this gold cup!! ! (word to the center ref)
say the right words at the right time
roy williams left kansas on probation . lol
ah hell i'm back!! ! !
double d wednesday ! double points from 8-11pm ! designing women , golden girls & will and grace on the big screen tonight ! giddy up !
tungle.me is an online scheduling tool . connects to gmail , fb contacts & calendars . super useful . introduced it to me
some people are just going through the motions . not even present in their own lives
i cant believe i'll be 20 in a couple hours . ..fml
love what you wear
oktoberfest is in full swing at cattlemans ! we just got in brooklyn brewery's post road oktoberfest pumpkin ale ! so good !
yes , it is systemic . let's change the system !
i use , and sometimes
we already had our launch party . our site should be up in the next day or so
gladstone is so shocked by the terrible carnage of the american civil war that he feels great britain must act to end it
i find pleasure in holding doors for people who are slightly too far away , just so i can see that awkward run they do .
still working hard in las vegas been working for 18 hours i am a 25 year old construction business owner
eww why does it have hair on it ? ! all natural baby you like that ?
wow observation . ..no one can cover voice
#brewers get a dp to end the inning . . . gonzalez , gamel and lucroy due up for the crew's half of the 9th .
watching starwars family guy !
doritos for breakfast
your welcome
great to " see " you . let's set time to talk soon .
he plays 27 minutes a game , puts 12 points up , almost 2 steals , 4 rebounds . puts a playmaker , instant spark on offense .
no,thank you ! i'm so excited ! !
white crosses was awesome . check yo ' self .
but she hasn't hosted right ? . . . . . why are we still tweeting then ?
and are all in #corvallisor right now for #carelessworldtour at benton co fairgrounds
yesterday , i got behind on my water . neither ryan nor the kittens were pleased . starting early today .
per mlb policy , we are not allowed to post any game audio online including . . .
is there some magic setting/preference i can enable to stop ichat/messages from launching on mac b when i get an im on mac a ? so annoying
well i was watching a movie with my family last night right after i watched the new episode
i love that !
screaming " flavor flav " while dispensing your yogurt isn't required , but we certainly do encourage it .
recent #bc commit #maxricci interview complete , will be up on #eagleinsider shortly !
thanks ! i've heard that more than once :)
so it continued to update but i walked away for a moment and it popped up saying i still need to update . wtf i been doing this for 3 hours . .
there's quite a few things i hate about myself . first , my thighs . second , my height . third , well , basically everything about me .
i will :d
hahaha rt : if anyone knows the names of the plastic surgeons of elle macpherson and demi moore , call me .
success doesn't come to you wordswordswords you go to it . wordswordswordsmarva collins
you seem more like my boy toy than my man
i would love to cook scrambled eggs in a cast iron pan coated w/ teflonwordswords nonstick !
sometimes the problem is part of the solution .
i loved your free style song tonight . that was so cute! ! always a great time . you never know what to expect with you , lol .
our pleasure - thanks for joining us and we hope you stick around
is 8:30 a good time for a giveaway ? let us know .
i find awesome new music in my library on a daily basis
#utdgsa meeting at 12noon today in the graduate lounge and here on twitter ! we recommend using tweetchat , hashtag
not gonna lie , the dictator is hilarious !
at the beach , perhaps the only urge stronger than the desire to build a sand castle is the desire to smash a sand castle .
what time is it gonna be the ustream ? :)
has the chicago bears jay cutler elite jersey sold out or it hasn't been posted yet ?
come on now . . .
2 more classes then spring break
just had an " ah ha " golf swing moment . need to keep my right elbow tucked more . hope to see some results on the course tomorrow
i have discovered spotify . it is a good thing .
pandora time till i pass out
lankan workers brought to saudi from kuwait illegally - sunday times.lk
really ? theyll ticket me for biking on the sidewalk in the heights ? right ! i yelled back and you better curb your disgusting dogs
dig this : a heavy equipment playground for adults ! 888-344-8447 call for rates & directions in the central west . sounds fun ! !
hit a 3 point shot and won myself a bucks shooting jersey - all in a days work :)
room to myself last night ! i actually got to sleep ! yayyy
lunch revenge is best served on the crapper . -lajuan foust
i love getting ur goodmorning tweets everyday on my phone ( : rt ? <3
i really have to get ready , finish cleaning and pack for tomorrow
is oakland mayor jean quan an opportunistic , flip-flopping politician , or has she seen the light ?
thanks for the rt !
rt #taurus the fact that u like to take the time to read&think things thru means uwordswordswordsll never b taken by surprise
v-core is too expensive to chance it being stolen . only fish oil . gotta keep up the omega-3s .
rt : i am so bad at initiating conversation.<~~~ i rarely can .
all i want for christmas is . ..the monopoly game of the wire
i stay real conntected with my family . we text all the time .
spinning on the washington marina yacht this weekend , powww! ! !
poor you ! one zito fan on the entire planet , and he plagues you .
there are as many nights as days , and the one is just as long as the other in the year's course
workin midnights with a cold , ugh i could hurt my child
merisah's tomorrow , dylans thing saturday morning , celeste's saturday afternoon , dylan's again saturday night . one more week ' till summer . wordswordswords
getting into a freshly washed bed>>>>
i'm about to bhe on twitter all day
thank you so much ! !
the ramblings of an average joe stock trader , 2nd edition has been released and is selling like hot cakes
starmakers tonight at stage ae with gary racan and the studio e band !
tomorrow friday . . damn this week went by fast !
at for some brunch !
such a good term . we should use that way more often !
follow the conversation from our panel today at
later , they are asked to write their name , those who think to look at the nametags always do well
my tweets are now unblocked . go crazy
at #twia oversight hearing , twia chief reports that twia is financially solvent and has resources necessary to pay claims .
if you're the ceo of a company , seems like you should spell the company correctly on your linkedin profile . just a thought .
waiting for the crime scene people to get here , let's see what they find . . .
hell yeah !
the official hashtag for the american academy of religion - society of biblical literature conference is #sblaar . see you there ! :o)
thanks for the rt prash . i appreciate it .
after lunch " itis" . . . it was on me real bad . . .
hey austin if u didnt know i check ur twitter page every second of the day rt mention or follow me back love you <3
thats what i like to hear . il be putting in a lot of work this summer . and contacting some music labels in usa and europe
4 hours left . . . .
bout to be a long weekend .
good morning beautiful , how was your night ?
indeed , but we love college basketball (we might be a " little " biased) . . .
it was good . how do you count the milk in portion plan ?
rt : exxon/mobil earned $18 billion in profits , paid no taxes and received a $156 million tax refund . republican math is . . .
bout to see at the
what r some of the dominant representations of black women explored in the hooks text ? are some of them outdated ? what can we add ?
(1/2) by blocking #hormuz , #iran could displace more oil than hurricane katrina , the arab oil embargo , the libyan revolution . . .
time for some cardio! ! pylo p90x ! love this workout ! !
#wcphilly #day2 that's it for the prepared content for today . now everyone's breaking into groups to squash bugs , and work on plugiwordswordswords
off to the doctor ! be back soon ! !
go big or go home ~
damn , lol i meant to hoop lol
how u find me on here
hello to our new followers ! stay tuned for our two-month update tomorrow and teacher training updates . namaste ' dreams .
o2 oh what have you done to me lol <3
21 jump street was pretty damn funny , jonah hill and channing tatum are a great duo
any states allowing iphone marriage yet ?
yeap and rumor has it he ate the light weight title !
the stuff found looking for other stuff is always the best , isn't it .
how is everything in europe today ?
and this surprises you why ?
long story
everybody have a good and safe thanksgiving
a burglar and pleistocene mammoth tracks and prehistoric hearths . you've had an exciting day !
#nytm + nasdaq = time sq event . don't know about you but count me in !
#thatdepressingmoment when look in the freezer to eat corndogs and find out there is no more
wait , what ?
so sick . i just want someone to care .
full disclosure : i'm no longer working in libraries . future tweets will focus on city life , photography , whedony things , and my dog . thx .
#iwannameet and tell him happy birthday (in 4 hours) :)
working on gossip girl today .
it is going to be a great weekend for weather in san diego ! enjoy it while it lasts !
#t-mobile hell is spending 20 mins in their customer disservice phone loop trying to get a simple question answered ! oh , & web sys broke 2 !
we created the list because we know we have the most amazing friends out there . we're going to grow old with all of you ! ;)
okc thunder basketball ! reserve your seats now for tonight's shuttle to the game from norman and edmond for only $15/ea . call 405.447.2446
still love them
awesome- we appreciate it !
my teacher pays more attention to his iphone rather than his students .
have a good weekend , everyone ! stay warm and safe !
age does not make us childish , as some say it only finds us true children still .
i hate when i forget to press send on my phone then sit & wait theree for a reply likee an idiot ! -_-
o_o the cookies and milk were on the table i swear!they must of just ran away -wipes the cookie crumbs and milk mustache off face-
how are we suppose to enjoy the bruins game tonight with all this insanee! ! weather ! goin on :(
swear all of my follower aviis are pretty ! !
antenna-lna system to achieve narrow beam-width , college of . . .
check it out !
today was full of " dont break the ice, " war , chess , and a walk . . . all with the nephews . can't complain! ! !
thank you so much for all the support !
i love you daughter and boo . wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
service to others is the payment you make for your space here on earth . mohammed ali
thanks ! sounds delicious . :)
hahahahaha lol this is my first tweet
oh i didn't think it was offensive i thought it was funny xd
happy to have you following me . thank you :
" partners " was not meant as a legal term .
twitter followers . . . should retail banks insured with fdic be able to act as investment banks ? is it too much risk ? should they be separate ?
8/13/2010 book review : marketing lessons from the grateful dead blogcritics
awe pedey , cool ells , you walk gonzo again , youk is gearing up to crank it !
lmfaoooo im wit it
watch the emmy's let him tivo it
home next week , let's get together
plse send recipe ! rt : husband is making jambalaya for dinner in the crock pot . smells amazing !
dreams do come true ! !
loved the column
my god has done it again
today september 30 is the birthday of country music artist johnny mathis !
writing session oh ya
picked up some at s-bux today and yum ! think i'll order some from their site ! fresh , healthy dried fruit snacks !
took too long to load .
my mom was like , look at my sowing bag , i look up & it's a crown royal pouch . lol
thanks up up and go! ! !
enjoyed brilliant people at the opb steering committee lunch today !
is back on land after a successful week of hurricane chasing and pina colada drinking :-)
i just learned schoeneman has a blog
i want to go camel racing !
so my little man went to his first day of pre-school today as a 1 yr old . i think he's growing up too fast .
because 1) never saw it and 2) mainly because all of tivo is full of shows we watch together
what if tweeted me for my birthday ? !!!! ! wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
#ialwayswonderif you think of me as much as i think of u
watching #dogthebountyhunter looks like it's gonna be a dramatic but exciting show ! let's go ! !
lol really but did you tell them it was mine lol thats funny though
on tuesday aug 7th wrestling will once again be at the warren county fair . <over the limit12>
nothing says " inefficient grocery transaction " more loudly than -- on either gender -- a gray ponytail .
i can guarantee the lakers win more games vs . thunder than clippers win vs . spurs .
for the love of god hit a free throw
kentucky fans chant " 1 and done ! 1 and done! "
thank you gail ! a pleasure to work on a daily basis with mark rosenberg () and kristen deahl () !
good morning and happy monday #baltimore ! today's word of the day is ambition . ambition teach your kids its not a dirty word !
i remember one of my high school teachers stopped dying her hair when she was pregnant . now that you know , will you cut out some toxins . . . ?
my two favorite christmas movies are on in a row ! can't wait ( : i love christmas <3 #thischristmas #lastholiday wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
good luck eleanor( :
#imagine harry watches your eyes & suddenly his voice breaks . harry:''i'm going on tour for three months . i'll miss y-' ' he starts crying .
i really need a lesson in cutting mango . it's probably not as hard as i make it .
blasting mest on my way to work ! awesome way to start the day !
sending u my warmest hellos julie :)
you are absolutly right
june 19 . . . . no school & believe !
he has been snowboarding
good god . really ? that's just dumb . rt : jon jones is being compared to muhammad ali . . . sigh . . . .
how are you dear ?
headed to see the new harry potter with my brother !
#spam has been around for 74 years ! (the canned meat , not the junk email.) happy birthday !
it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood . watch " mister rogers & me" , a documentary produced by fred rogers ' neighbor , on mptv 10 at 8pm .
hey lady ! lol
this . rt : sarah phillips integrity
omfg today in english this guy had a ghost tracker and the red dot means it's strong and their were two of them lmfao it was so funny tho .
were u at ?
wonder why . . .
i've voted in the best of omaha contest almost every year .
frank luntz : i can't imagine in the 21st century that we are not graduating students fully proficient in computer science .
its a 90s rap reminiscing night . . . .nothing touches 90s rap
i miss the bbm faces -_-
lou , its a bs article that was first published 2 years ago on the site . they just changed the photo . embarassing !
. . what's really going on ?
if i get your tweets to my phone can i get a tweet back ? ;)
what a fantastic modern age we live in ! :)
heading to boot camp with eilecia :-d
great article this morn ! so proud of you jess ! !
anyone planing a cable protector for the #c300 ? those two monitor leads freak me out a bit :-/
and we're switching to a new hashtag .
so sad to hear about #juniorseau i hated him when he played for san diego , that's the ultimate sign that he was a great player .
do you really think sucking up to someone makes you friends ?
ha , u know it broyo
can you do us a favor and spread the word of our premier web-series 9-19-2011 much thanks - the casting office
follow back tlew
open phone lines ! give us a call at 303-297-1510
watching that was the best decision i've made all day . " bond doesn't get the girl until the end of the movie "
#takeabreath . rainy day - great day to rest and read . it's great for your mind and body .
if your truly inlove with a person noone can change . . . ..#randomthought -imaprettythuq)
can't wait for your review ! i spend a lot of time in mia and need the advice . . .
so a pair of 31 inch h&m slim fit jeans are a lil baggy on me . ..am i ready for new york yet ! ? cause im not a fan of being this thin . . .
draw lines . gop wants to extend tax cuts for rich - but not support for the unemployed .
#idiversity - using adaptive technology to translate formats from motion to sound .
lmfao , tell why i feel like ive been in a coma all day -_-
imagination came bring a revelation
wasn't your dinosaurs name spot ?
yeah holly how come your not in indy thought 4 sure that hubby & u would be there
on vita ?
it really is that good !
on behalf of roxie , bearbear tweets :wasn't there electricity in the past ?
havent checked my followers in awhile . .
today i'm playing " how quickly can javascript crash a browser ? "
mj immortal world tour . ..#frickingamazing ! thank you !
thank you
those are lucky bubbles :)
bar tonight . .oh yea
ualbany has its favorites plain and simple , weren't invited ? you're not one of em . <<including me
yikes ! you might have dry eye syndrome ! very common
thanks for sharing this post with your followers
<<you're welcome . thanks for the thanks !
i want a boyfriend to cuddle with that will take me out and get along with my friends that i can have fun with , were are the cute ones at
get me a strawberry blondie ! wordswordswords i get off work in 20 mins . i want ice cream ! whose down for some coldstone ? wordswordswords
man my body i sore ! hurts so good ! going on a trail run after work . ..anyone wanna join ?
bosh need ta get his head out dat hole and play so dis game will get more interestin .
i'm confused . . . did i miss something ?
wordswordswords : to others , the world goes in one direction . to me , my world is one direction.wordswordswords
" never lie to the girl of your life for the hoe of the night "
thanks for the mention . . . we appreciate it .
happy birthday ! ! !
looks like everyone had a stellar time at prom . seeing all these pretty dresses and happy faces on fb brings a smile to my face . awh :)
wordswordswords : having a cocktail #winningwordswordswords thanks for coming sir! ! !
dell tech support line sucks !
happy birthday ! wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
14 of 18 for my picks
sure thing
i have time for you . <3
hello my friend ! good to hear from you ! :)
start practicing that ape yell ! congrats !
why is oomf , talking to me ? :(
i give up isnt gonna follow me tonight!!!!!!! ! maybe tomorrow is gonna be my day:/ #followmealex well love you!!!!! ! !
pretty much :)
did you notice it was snowing this time ?
othwise , it's a lie and there's no basis for useful conversation (whatev that means in context of dying world) .
did u create ur altar ?
call you this afternoon . . .
america's oldest teenager passed away today . rip dick clark .
what's the best looking wine label you've ever seen on a bottle ?
many benched finley this wk . he hasn't done jack since his 3 td game early in the season . celek was the wrong call .
(1/2) the only correlation between concussions & suicide than can be drawn is if it's later found out that conclusively . . .
if u all saw justin at starbucks wht would u guys do ?
1 . she's way too pretty to be an actual human . . .
information overload! ! -- at least there's more depth to everyones ideas , time to pay attention . . .
do u still use faceook if u can add me at
if im on your tl follow me bck i just followed a lot of ppl
lmao well they could be dating . .its more obvious now since she posted a picture of them 2;)
i think this sucks ass . . . goodnight` to nobody
dang i think everybody is jammin ' to " dear mama " today .
thank you sir ! be sure to come out and visit us at the sidewalk sale on july 17th and 18th !
happy valentines day ! keep love in your heart! ! !
i dont feel like you care anymore
praying for a safe hawaii as the tsunami bears down on us in about 2 1/2 hours . we can hear the tsunami sirens going off every hour .
now thats what im talking about ! #smash !
proving everyone who ever doubted me wrong is what keeps me going . #hardwork&patience
hope we are in the running for it .
good morning! ! !
#utah what is going on tonight ?
i think ima stp going out fridays cz,i hate waiting all day for my baby on saturdays . . .
thankyou ! and i've followed you now :d
wearing my sweat pants , little mermaid sweater , uggs , wet hair in a bun , with pretty much no makeup out to dinner . who's there to impress ?
sure , just mix it up a bit . same components , different order , new luck !
we are thrilled to be planning our first domestic program at the edgewood school in san francisco ! stay tuned for ways to help !
who wake hates doing hw wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
thanks for recent rts and mentions !
follow me please :o)
a race against the sunset for richard jackson's accidents in abstract painting flight . ..suspense , art , performance
you should come join us next time ! it'd be fun !
rules : no hats , no cell phones . . . i am not sure i would would make the cut .
well . ..i've always wanted to see #calgary . thx
tagging is very important in sharing information in and as it helps in the ordering of thoughts
cry more about netflix . your tears are delicious . be satisfied you can get every show and movie ever , instantly . it's an amazing service .
i miss you too caaaaaatteeee .
and you call me the bandwagon , let me guess next round danny granger is gonna be your boy .
out for a walk with my lovely ladies and puppies( :
thanks for everything babe . i love you <3
must be integral to strategic decisions and org bottom line
okay , well maybe next time . neither myself nor emily are old enough to buy alcohol . we aren't staying for long anyways .
created cc videos to explain various greek battles , turned out great & kids enjoyed . critical thinking very evident .
it's going to be awesome !
please contact the battle of florida . we would like to honor us army personel and invite them to our inaugural game jan 21st@ fau .
i didn't know you were a giants fan . . . .big blue !
this week has been exhausting for me
wrong nikki is the queen
rt in terms of one play deciding the game , clutch is making the best possible decision to win the game in that moment
wordswordswords : your account is sending spam messages.wordswordswords i got one from you too
oh and the cd is a collector's item ! there are only 300 in print and the packaging is ecofriendly ! so cool ! thanks again to
admission staff asks that they sing auldlangsyne , too . mt " : mention #robertburnsday at admission desk & get free admission! "
possibly playing a show on march 30th in sac . . .
is funny how when u was young u was always scared of your mama or daddy but as you get older u start to buck on they ass !
happy easter !
rt time to grind . . . .school timewordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordshave a great day!! ! let me know what new things you learn today ! blessings .
congratulations mike !
love it !
anyone else notice that brandon weeden looks like tintin ?
got a benz that i ain't even drove yet . rt stay humble , stay low , blow like hootie
$5 off easter lilies and spring tulip bouquet . at checkout , use promo code : spring . rt ok .
oh wow ! why are you having to remove so many ?
#zimmerman's defenders are their own worst enemies : they huff & puff then accuse #trayvonmartin of , essentially , walking .
tony took 3rd
haha . .yes , god willing , i should be done spring 13 !
lotsa internet meme costumes . seen at least 3 nyan cats . love it .
happy birthday!! ! :d
ap is reporting that milwaukee mayor tom barrett has won the democratic nomination for governor in wis . will face gov . scott walker .
what's up flesh , tell lb and bob i said what's up .
welcome to the d von come get some ! !
i do lots of things , thank you very much !
re sales card in the mail today ! how does it feel ? like i'm finally working for my second business .
starting to understand why coffee shops are so popular in seattle . rain rain rain here in denver .
didn't notice . :-)
haha thanks ! did you ever find that episode ? i want it so bad ! <3
local woman let her 7 year old boy with her in the toilet , he got down on his knees and started checking out girls from under the doors :s
ring , bracelet , chain , watch . . 9000watts , 9000watts . .
your in your mom us haha
okayy! ! but i wont be ready so ima be all ugly ( : just warning u haha
it's rare that it happens . . . kmsl
totally loving the new bombadil album tarpits and canyonlands ! many thanks bryan for sending it my way !
opens at 10:30 ! (only 30 mins , but every minute counts when you need foods . ..)
we love you and . . . see you for lunch tomorrow!! ! yipeeee !
i cracked the back of my iphone ! i didn't even no it could break
looking forward to seeing a demo of the product !
to celebrate the final day of the seasonal ice skating season at belmar , lakewood--skating admission will be half price today , feb . 27 , 2011
every body stay safe this weekend
happy new year ! comedy cntrl has been playing ur old school stnd up , hot pocket!!! ! classic !
addicted to him.smh
biz op in tulsa ! we are expanding our network of sponsors ! contact us !
stop listening to people who say you can't . never tell yourself you're not capable .
go giants.the packers get the breaks early but big blue defense will prevail ,
it's the little things that annoy us the most . start addressing them . you'll be surprised with what happens . . .
pink dolphin ? what's that ? but i like pink :) lol
ugh there not gonna have dresses here ! !
i wish i could play the bass that is coming from the cellar right now ! if you love dubstep , there is no where else you should b right now! ! !
if you bring me a firefighter i might be ok with it ? let's go grocery shopping !
loving google's interactive home page today in honor of zipper inventor , gideon sundbwordswordsck . (no love for #ie8 -osaurus rex though . #extinct )
so am i
relaxing with fam . glad doo is home . toasty fire , good football , diet pomegranate 7-up yum . helping doo write a letter to santa . *cherish*
ur welcome anytime
the pack of course . . .
it be really cool if rt this and followed me !
women are like iphones . you have to touch them all over before they respond . men are like blackberries . rub one ball & everything moves .
settle down big homie
thank you ! :) re-tweeted !
the words " totally stressed out " won't begin to cover the economic horrors future generations will face if we don't get natnl debt in order
#metalocalypse back in rhythm without missing a beat . klokikon slides back into the 11min run time like a bloody glove.brutal
that was awesome i love that song and y'all did it justice . dia is a bonafide rock star !
that hurt i aint gonna front for twitter . but we still beat yall tho , and we didnt get swept last season ^_^
using twitter to store my memory in the cloud : saw the red hot chili peppers in april 1986 ; the place was empty , maybe 50 people .
very annoyed . thanks to the stranger who alerted me via fb message that there's a random profile using my pictures .
any man can get a million girls anyday but it takes a real man 2 love 1 girl a million ways !
summer babies on deck . . . . gemini , cancers , leo !
the things they caroled
geocaching : " we use multi-billion dollar military satellites to find tupperware hidden in the woods . "
great way to start the day ! rt : went in for a morning coffee and leaving with a breakfast panini too !
wishing i had more time to practice (music , that is) .
bitter ka ba ?
lol . ..you jealous ?
regular patron had a large box of cookies sent to the #library . that's the kind of surprise i'm talking about .
so very tired
heyy sweetie-hope u r doing great! ! take care ! say hi to everyone ! !
i am pissed i'll be out of town when is in cinci . pissed , i tell you . p i s s e d
i think watermelon with seed taste sweeter than seedless watermelon and the color is redder .
another great happy hour ! be sure to ask for my favorite cocktail server , erica !
say what you want but sometimes a friday night in is just what i need .
i think you could . what's more fun is when others see your work on tv & tell you about it .
rt christmas is not a good time to diet . bawi nalang sa exercise :p
we will be starting giveaways soon for our followers!!! ! who wants to win an ipad2 ? rt and follow !
protecting the integrity of your identity under one roof . keeping your logos consistent : offset , digital , & wide-format .
awl how cute is this! ! !
not going to talk about my loofah soaps, . .nope ! " ok " ok " just a little " omg, . .come peek! ! " you won't be disappointed ! so many yummy scents
hi , thanks for the mention . i think (based on the article) " computing " would do just fine , no need for #cloud to be included .
#eu foreign policy chief on #syria : i condemn in the strongest terms these acts perpetrated by the syrian regime against its own civilians .
it's not my half bithday . . . therefore i didn't write that tweet . , you're
let it be .
just want to clarify that i do not have bed bugs . just a very cute baby :)
thx for following me la all day
sorry , mom . sorry , god .
i'll try another time man ! lol . which kiosk ?
the trees help a lot . nature has a calming effect . post rain it smells good . n sounds good . v soothing
lol blah fine have fun without me :( haha
lovin ' wordswordswords ' signs and signifiers ' on hi-style ! answer our prayers & play for us in san francisco ! www.boozebroadsandhotrods.net
they know what they're talking about
serious post acl blues . can't wait till next year !
wish that i could have been there with you.love the snow !
spotify is down ; no music for me .
wordswordswords : never thought i'd be blast'n beiber but feel'n his song " if i was ur boyfriend " #dontjudgewordswordswords glad you decided to join
the new and sadly quite boring website is now up ! www.tenacitycircusarts.com
is a kilt required ? i am definitely in for some good scottish food right now .
you're so going to regret it
it shows someone returning my app . :(
great fun today in bucharest : ate dinner in old town , saw one of the largest buildings in the world (parliament) , and learned more romanian !
working on putting together stress-busters for students in the library during finals week . possibilities : therapy dogs , yoga , free coffee
i think i done spoiled maself with jjs these past few days . . now wht ima do ?
emphasize your focus on creating a diverse , high performing team for now & the future .
front man of megadeth says he doubts obama was born in the usa . obama says he doubts that anybody remembers megadeth .
females that ain't pretty unless they got makeup on <<<
what is the new paradise release date ?
i love my friend jayla we new each other since last year everyday i go too school with her we alway seem to do the same thing!!! ! !
rt " it's time to go through my slummy facebook and cull out some folks . i like open discussion , but ignorance . . . " love it
thats a lotta starch . ..lol . ..but i'm sure it will fill into all the right place . ..until mid-30's lol
the person in front of me paid for my coffee in a #starbucks drive thru today . thanks little white car !
rt : thanks for coming in !
if you live in #milwaukee!listen up!the #freshcoastclassic supports your community ! just ask one of our sponsors
he's probably got better skills than half the point guards in the game today . is the man .
oh " not multicultural audiences . it's general audiences " pam el , groovy insights b4 the panels start ! tech summit
my speakers loud af ! !
easy answer : " rill rill " crowd surfing closer .
oh my god you guys . i got the meet and greet passes . lol , just kidding .
ukeycheyma is doing great and how are you mate
hi i'm a singer/songwriter . ..my moms friend is joe case and he showed me your band i just wanted to say you guys are amazing:)
no thanks , i just ate - tune in to huckabee now ! is coming up soon !
another where you think it could happen , but that they won't really be gone . rip whitney houston . it must be so hard to deal w/addiction :(
yo what's good ?
congratulations to the sct . the new road from df to puebla is beautiful and fast !
hey you're paying for it,let him get his skinny butt back to your house with that extra piece ! ok calm down breathe in out sigh
why are flights so damn expensive now ? what happened to $49 . . . . even $69 one-ways ? life makes it so hard to have fun ! money sucks !
manhattan . .but i'm headed to jersey now . will be in the bronx & jersey city tomorrow . .
anyone who tweets no silver bullet is a-one in my book ! :)
if you only really want 3 hours of energy , what portion of a bottle of 5 hour energy should you consume ?
#ghettocrayolacolors i can only see your teeth at night white .
:tom joepa was never on trial.he was one of my hero's those lowlifes at the top used him as the scapegoat,they are crap
people would never know it , but the internet generation is the death of the gop . 65/35 pro gay marriage , pro choice , etc .
fair enough . i'm too tired and working on my final exams . i was pointing out the endorsement by the president , but okay .
that just should never happen
lester : iwordswordswordsd like to recognize dr . donald combs . dr . combs has filled numerous important leadership roles during his 27 years at evms .
cavaliers end the year with a 26-25 mark .
in my opinion i think that someone should be looking for at least two new client focused solutions per week to stay ahead of the curve .
yeahh i know i really wanted to go . but i might go during the summer
i love the hustle .
awesome show tonight! ! thanks to everyone that came out great energy ! !
i do love a good football toss . fitting today , even with a wronghander
you forgot #gojerryreese rt got a feeling it's going to be a great year
all in all , many people , in fact , many so-called intellectuals ; & many occupiers do not understand how our govt works
going to chillis if anyone wants to join . celebrate
thank you ! you're a big part of this project !
so , i came to the conclusion i'm obsessed with sofia vergara . she's a total goddess , and she's everywhere . bella :-)
james jones with a drop . shocking !
i'm addicted to this , i can't
so so excited and so so proud <3
mlb realignment idea ?
top 3 natural stretch mark cures wordswordswords eliminate stretch marks now . . .
never confuse motion with action . - benjamin franklin
oh my god you are amazing :d i love the choreography you made for melanie and marko :d that routine made me cry ! !
right , which is a good thing , but i foresee historians being bogged down with comments maintenance , esp if controv topic .
cold,lonely and missing him like crazy !
juju you are one flawless mofo
of the all the people you meet everyday , it only takes 1 to brighten your way ! so tell a person in the morning , good morning and mean it !
i'm sitting here freaking out at thought . ..i need to get back to my innocents . .time to read hunger games xd
rofl at me man im funny
true is they shuttin it down . !
thank you to the always wonderful kelsey carmody for the awesome job she did on my hair/make up !
imagine austin : austin : hey babe . . . you : hey what's up ? austin : we need to talk . . . you: . . . .oh :/ austin : i never wanna lose & i love you .
dis is my favorite i tell my best friend everything
rip donna summer
pretty amazing!( : haha . when are you guys coming down to arizona ? ! ?
we're glad to have a loyal customer . ru a piggy bank member ? so you can be rewarded for all your visits !
wish i had some juicy lips n a pretty face rollin up this loud for me :/
hmm . . . good question . i'll retweet and let you know if i hear anything :)
on da way bak to h-town
_~!!|- g1 certified wet tshirt contest --- friday club drama --want to get in for free ? txt me i will tell you how---214 609 3316 --
i inspire her.( :
i will always love talking to in physics.<3
stayin " posted " alright hoodlum
lol , i guess you're right .
that's exciting .
haha , on the avengers thor's brother's name is loki , silly:p
thank you #hub for bottling galactic imperial red . you just improved my vacation by 9.5% .
of course ! only because its pay day!!!!! ! !
#yourebeautiful and i wont stop tweeting about this until you understand . please believe me . you are not alone .
ha ha ha ha ==>i . be on fb foolin
you're an aquarius too ?
lol ! you think they like the founders! ! !
season one is over . speechless . that was excellent . #fireandblood ! (next--to finish the tomes of a song of ice and fire!)
at lindas drinking away my patriotism . don't tread on me .
good morning tweeties :)
i did now what . btw im not trying to be rude im jus confused
i live so far north in the burbs that it takes forever to get a taxi . i miss ease of getting a taxi in the city
wordswordswords : ohh . gretchen . finally i found one person i sing better than.wordswordswords oh lawdy . poor thing ;) looked way cute though .
whos girl n r corp video about #virtual #staging ? kari hawker , actress/director c her on lifetime movie christmas angel wed eve @ 8pm !
and i forgave you right away for what you said about me last september , so why can't you forgive me ?
hulk smash .
hello ingrid , thanks for the follow on twitter
some sla students who are a part of the dukes of edinborough program will be meeting prince edward ! have fun all !
will do #lifer rt : : i been following so will you follow back ?
quoting a lady at smith's grocery store . " is crab & lobster covered by ebt ? " i'm buying her seafood w my tax money . fcku that
if you get a first step , giant step in the right direction ! last step usually sees cash or piece of mind , next step means options !
we hope everyone had a great thanksgiving . . . . . .want to meet someone this year for free . . . ..we have your answer . . . . . .www.supertova.com
go to soul burger !
haha same ! im so screwed especially because it was due forever ago
well , if you do go (and you should) , please seek out and/or and give em a hug from me !
what am i soposted to do
down here at the legendary tootsies ! check out 103 fm or www.103wkdf.com .
good bro how you been dude i'm living out in tennessee temporarily
dude love drug is like one of my favorite songs!!! ! can't wait to jam it the next two days likes a boss ! !
thank you !
last night to get $20 tickets for mother's day event 5/10/12 tickets ! only $25 at door . don't miss it !
u dont need luck ! your already awesome and going to be awesome !
i'll never forget angel ) :
" that's just morbidly obese"- peter griffin
90 minutes left until finals when we attempt to defend the title @ ucwdc worlds . thanks to everyone . .fans , family n friends . we love u all . .
i would like to play saturday on repeat for a few days . who do i have to talk to to make that happen ?
i am a bad liarwordswordswordsthats why i prefer telling the truthwordswordswords
hey girlfriend ! ooh . ..i have many looks ! depends on my (and my hairstylist's) mood . you're welcome . .
booked up now for this weekend . would love to do some monday perfs in the chopin basement lobby at some point .
at a gis session so this seems like the right time to geo-tag myself with a check-in !
lmao! ! yes that pretty damn ghetto lol
watching ice loves coco !
how u know that ?
good( : bc i miss skyping you
tighten up world peace
trying to pretend that didn't just bring in chocolate fudge covered pretzels , one of my favorites !
jesus you are everything , and your ways are worth anything . isaiah 55
sloppy knock on by usa .
your mom is a new and unexpected development .
q3 . favorite tv series growing up .
someone write that piece , stat !
the chicago bulls the best team in the nba regular season . . . . and that's about it! ! what a joke! ! !
no problem ! wordswordswords
she's so hood
the irony is that tottenham-area rioters will have nothing to watch on their stolen tvs this weekend . . .
thanks to everyone who came to my sweet 16 i had an amazing time and i wouldn't trade it for the world!!! ! :p
team usa had an awesome game ! congrats to japan . ..you're bringing good news to your country at a time when you need it most .
watching the cma's i'm impressed so far by the production value . the vocals are a little weak though . my thoughts
cozy mystery discussion ! come one , come all !
" : those text messages that you never want to erase >>> "
rt : new blog post : from the hart : blogging with hillary hart on improving the practice of technical communication . . .
you and us both !
you are now followed by me!:d
unless they are the official celebs saying !!!! ! !
swamps and mountains are where its at .
i bet west bend mutual insurance loves that
can't sleep so i'm on my way to thedys . . . hard to sleep without him now .
i made an iconic twitter go follow it ! ( :
will get to the tech stuff soon but in meditation mod right now ! but tech diamond mind coming soon . you heard it here .
just finished an 1000 piece puzzle . what a way to spend my friday night .
i have nothing to look forward on weekends .
yeah no response to that text is there
#np home me & had so much fun here when u & used to tweet when recording sftrou !
what's up with all the sirens in nopo lately ? several times this week but lots late last nite
where is said faraj and jesse woodrow when i need them . ..my avengers crew is missing in action
wordswordswords : #backwheniwaslittle i never thought id turn out like i did , i use to hate the stuff ive been doing.wordswordswords
anatomy of choosing an auto hail damage repair specialist ! www.kingoftheding.blogspot.com
ur welcome my name is jerry and u ?
not rebecca black's friday ? " fun fun fun fun "
the official women's olympic track & field uniform will be daisy dukes and halter tops .
pls dont send me stuff like that
i have just found out about burnt ends . i love charred meaty bits . anywhere near sacramento that serves burnt ends ?
because they've been around longer and have hella dedicated fans :)
nope not all are restored because we've lost power for 45+ minutes . ..when are we going to get #power back ? !
the girls behind who won't stop complaining <<<<<<<<
you know they are talking about women in general , not just you ! !
rt naw naw naw : i do speak to you . i always gotta say something to you first .
love you too
hide yo kids , hide yo wife . hide yo kids , hide yo wife , and hide yo husband cause they rapin ' everybody out there .
shoulder injury ? avoid upright row , barbell bench , and overhead press .
any time is a good time for cupcakes , my friend ! i'm seizing the moment .
visual art supply in normal heights . the address is listed now . sorry about that !
you miss me all the time . wordswordswords don't front
very pretty !
great ! u ?
hahah home we going to miami beach in a while to see my uncle ;3
like this status if you are going to see underoath and the chariot tonight . i'm so there .
recommendations over the past few days : tassili (4342 n elston) for algerian and al bawadi grill (7216 w . 87th street) for palestinian
whats with the crappy avatar ? it sucks donkey balls . unfollow .
damn hosting and thats my event . but had some biz out of town . catch u on the next #hollywoodalliance event
might go to sleep . still thinkin workin on my next project
whatever happened to plain ' ole lavender blue-dilly-dilly-dilly . ..silly .
don't know if you heard . . . rip ronnie montrose .
she said she only date men that open doors for her . . . . he said really , aw man . nd pulled off on her ass . #thinklikeaman lmfao #teamfollo . . .
warm soup . ..so cold in ny today !
deb howes interviewed by kate snow on nbc nightly news on google art project feature story !
right now , i'm somewhere i don't wanna be . but i can guarantee , i will never be here again . no matter what !
we just received our very first order from ireland! ! great start for the week! ! rt
what is the temperature ? we only have hot and hot here in texas . occasionally , we get a brief period of cool but cold is a rarity .
i'm heading to portland !
i just figured out how i might convince my academic friends to come to oklahoma state for a conference : we have wi-fi !
question 7 : have you ever lied about how many people you have had sex with ?
awhe . happy birthday ! hope ur doing good up there!:)
man these bears look so tight ! i must say i feel anything less then the superbowl is an illusion !
it's like you're in a j.j . abrams movie .
looking forward to seeing and media breakfast this am !
there is a mention of our band in the arts and entertainment section of the glendale star . . .
happy #woofwednesday it's (leg) hump day ! woof woof !
re-aligning sleep schedule for a weekend of dayshift . exhausted . have decided to catch up on my favorite tv shows in an effort to stay up .
prayerless people are carnal people . - j . t . pugh in for preachers only
that was terrible !
no prob rob :)
there is a girl here with no pants on .
are u bein sarcastic ?
seems odd working a tournament without my boys
let me make sure i understand #birdingthenet scoring : it doesn't matter what place you are for #33 , it only matters who gets #34 first , yes ?
he is a phenomenal singer we love to listen to him in our house ! he just needs a publicist & someone who can teach him 2 interview
yes dunk of the year
that's called bait and switch , and is illegal on this country .
lots of great ideas for better collaborations this wknd at #aaup10 . really appreciated the fun and info-packed diy video session !
good morn'n
i just heard it too . lol my dad was jamming
the only time i use facebook anymore is to tell ppl to follow me on twitter
i dnt have no service in monroe .
nobody cares ! unless you're getting married and know you're going to spend the rest of your life with this girl , you can't talk about it
#fostercare tomorrow begins national foster care month ! make a difference in a child's life !
my advisor (a jordan student) claims there was an x-rated parody of white over black circulating in berkeley in 60s
#mohrstories would love to hear more " inside baseball " acting stuff - ever take classes , coaches , teachers , etc . love the pcast !
do you think a deal today is possible ?
lol no i'm not xd
sorry i'm not on this 24/7 like you . .
the alkaline diet and what it does
where in mexico do you reside ? moving to rosarito beach , hollahollahollaholla .
totally baffled wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
that awkward moment when you go to the bathroom and your zipper is already down
i'm en route to the between downs event ! will i see you ? :-)
thank you robert egger-#badassrobert-for insights , inspiration , strategy , laughs , and great food at the ep leadership residency . you rock !
friday evening , so much fun looking forward to the weekend !
hahaaa i didn't know you actually did it !
so now that i have the ipad on the iphone has been placed on the back burner . the ipad experience is just so much better .
i can't deal with it being so cold . .
you need to follow me . . . . .
i love the idea for this project , its so simple and it makes perfect sense , this might be the future of recording/promo
wow the moon looks exquisite ! check it out !
i love sleeping .
new post : david , oh delicious david
do u follow me
thank you dear:)
wish i could have talked more at #agentrb - & i are doing some cool things over here . wanted your take on it
i can already tell this is going to be fun chris .
just heard the news ! love is universal . . . .no more living in the past ! cudos , for moving us forward , nice work0:)
very good discourse . it was a success . excellent mode of engaging in this vital discourse .
robin van perdie because all season he played great and is a goal scoring machine !
what an ugly mess you are on the inside
sold out tonight in kentucky !
yo get ready for the macker were in the same division haha
flora edwards~ in helping others we shall help ourselves for whatever good we give out completes the circle and comes back to us .
what ? ! rt : most impressive passers @ 1st glance this afternoon : landry jones , anrdew luck & jordan jefferson .
wordswordswords : work . ..or stalking ? wordswordswords believe it i'm working - the tourney's impact on the city , figured i would find iu .
how is everybodys cinco de mayo tonight ?
ew . gross . ya bum .
#austinloveskaylie that is too cute . they should stay together
been databasing 1880 census for addresses where toy marbles were found on site i'm working with . enlightening on many levels .
help trend #prayforalexriegle please ! <3 he's a high school freshman fighting cancer . pray ! wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
don't like it ! the old logo was much better
on a whole new level .
it gets you to overhaul your diet to include much much much more fruits and vegetables and lean meats and healthy fats
yeah ! up by 35# from my last 1 rm ! thanks .
okay i thought so , just making sure i was rite( :
bye bye google+ and linkedin ! i've decided to limit my social networks to facebook and twitter
happy opening day ! giants defending the crown
thanks . i checked out your blog . is the background photo your place ?
if you need a gift for father's day , i'll be signing copies of the bearded gentleman at borders on market st in sf on june 19 (2 to 5pm)
itwordswordswordss easy to make a buck . itwordswordswordss a lot tougher to make a difference .
nun hoopn n work
guys guess what! ! !
working on a solo clarinet piece . any clarinetists out there get annoyed by anything in particular ? like something especially ?
#bluefin is exercising my stats knowledge at
i don't know what i'd do if you left me so please don't go awaywordswordswords
today's pasadena specials : soups of the day are tomato and mushroom . sugar free lemonade is watermelon rosemary .
hello and welcome to twitter !
omg ! have you read these texts from , this is way too funny .
i use to cut up oranges and put them on my desk while i did hw because i read the citrus scent keeps you awake and alert :)
make sure you head to sam's boat on 3908 braker lane from 5-7 for our budweiser van hit ! we will have tons of great giveaways so don't . . .
he's eugene this weekend , no ?
haha ! it's time to start getting in basketball shape
we are still at the corner of piedmont ave & tenth street in midtown atlanta . we look forward to seeing you .
omg don`t you get it he dnt want you!!!! ! all he want is that head!!!! ! b*tchs thes dayz will never learn thats why he not claimin you now
- you're most welcome !
finish my homework wow !
all i'm saying is it'd be totally cool if someone brought me jimmy johns .
when this was first released , they actually did try to remove this , however this is the internet and they simply couldn't contain it
then just skip the gym . you're fine . :)
today's message : a viral conspiracy acts 9:1-2
the show is selling out quickly !
always remember : if we stay in god's will , god can and will show up when it's time for the turning point .
reminder : in order to allow to join us to talk main street , the #builtheritage chat will be next weds (4/11)at 4:00 edt .
who are u
responded to vacate @ 144-01 lakewood ave , queens , ny 11435 and helped 2 residents . red cross auto update .
it's really great , you should track it on tumblr ( :
oh no ! that is terribly sad ! maybe call animal control so that he can get medical attention . please don't take him home.ha
call us 720-282-0100 to schedule your #free consultation . you'll learn how we can help you transform your body and change your life !
don't chase the dream . . . . . . catch the dream!! ! !
baked #organic chicken , sautwordswordsed green beans w shiitake mushrooms , & rosemary sweet potato fries . .delicious dinner .
gah . i've been hacked . my hacker actually posted about the same time i did . if you got anything from me today , double-check before clicking !
im#sexy and i know it
we buy all damaged cars/trucks . any vehicle ! instant offer:(503)789-2075
#phrasesiwishwoulddie . . . .#yown (definitely should have faded along with the summer) lol
everyone laughs at me because i dress differently , but i don't care , at least i don't pretend to be somthing i'm not
man i just got rejected six time , but at least i'm making the attempts .
found god on google earth . . i knew he was real
went to farmers market 2day . best sweet corn in the world !
this head cold is really killing my spirit ! siigh
thunder , thunder , thunder . ..go okc! ! !
she is the world to me , she deserves the world from me .
tipsy tanning >
hey you gone to castro farmers market ?
joe johnson or j . harden ? why ? respond with
there's a web service for people who sign up for too many web services
: i feel like such a vieja ! but thank you !
off to west palm beach to juggle some fire and make some balloons !
and hopefully and too ! yes ? dude , you wanna pick up from work on my break ?
exciting and relaxing holidays in the lanikai beach hawaii
thank you so much !
i actually have no idea what username i used back then . i wasn't very frequent . i remember you were a mark grudzielanek fan .
turn up the music ' cause i feel a little turned on
great picture of langston ! we did a show on his this past weekend - awesome audio of lh in conversation in ' 63 . what a talent
i've had terrible experiences with mavs fans too . i consider it a dead tie for ' worlds worst fans '
link doesn't work rob .
any investors interested ? :d you never know! ! rt : you should open up a nail salon that only shows sports on tv . . .
is a play i wrote called exit sign .
hello james-thanks for the follow . we'll share info on making homes greener & safer . share the biscuits !
#chessmoves is for the elite !
whoop whoop almost to 150 :d
oh , good ! sounds like a neat project . you'll have to let me know how it goes !
enjoy everything while you can !
lol . guys : don't be creepy then ask me out .
yes i am hoping can create drupal module for citability that can also do an advanced citation by adding urn:lex !
jus went riding go karts super fun ! :d
pimm's cup ftw .
thank you , you too !
don't want to talk to him today . just feeling that way today . . .
taking a time out in barcelona! ! !
i might try and hit qcon in sf again . and maybe codestock and devlink
i have the first gen ipad , but i think the new ipad is definitely worth the upgrade . the speed ! (i sent my old ipad to gazelle.)
yes please . so nice to catch up !
who has der wedding at nite ! ? !i mean srsly ! & im gonna b ozzy osbourne 2 halloween so dey better b scared!ill bite der head off
" that's why yo ass smell like obituary paper "
judge (about givingline) : " how do i trust strangers to walk my dog ? " a : " everyone has a karma score "
i agree . that clip of batb didn't impress me . new medical show will suffer on tues(ringer's old slot)
i swear , there's some jaded people out there who only reply to tweets with something negative to say .
going into production in 8 days!!! ! !
i interviewed her in my 1st professional broadcast job (on milwaukee radio) , then at my 1st nyc tv job . warm , hip , fun she was .
nice ! happy early birthday !
rt : two more days to submit recipes for our ebook , so tell your foodie friends ! details here: . . .
textbook cutoff positioning by anthony bass .
: the internet community is becoming one that can stop almost anything but start almost nothing
getting ready to ramp up for next week .
just saw your appearance on the view . keep fighting sir ! the kids need you! ! i for think your a hell of a dad ! !
crunch time or clutch time for the #texans offense ?
food trucks in santa monica rock . beer brat , sauerkraut , and potato salad with pickles . heaven .
i can't wait to have an experience too if just dm'd once thats all the experience i need
sit back and watch me prove you wrong .
so is tweet about that blogtv !
great show at higher ground !
happy birthday lovechild
go follow ! and thank you for the compliment ;)
got another yellow pompom maker . now there are 3 .
oh that would be interesting!! ! !
thanks for the rt tell us about a time when you've swapped skills ?
who else ? wordswordswords : myself , & will be heading to lsp for the vs "
wonderful day outside and i have to stay inside ! the joys of allergies
i love how close and are
lmfao ! that's gross !
woj : lebron is the best player in these eastern conference playoffs , but rondo controls a basketball game like no one but else but james .
this is why it's unwise to wash a car , in or on your way to lbk
gonna watch bachelor finale ?
that's an awesome kid you've got there . can't wait for the book !
i got asked to prom
very disturbed by a chain e-mail . so uneducated it's scary , it said something about how the sun moves around the earth . ..says the bible .
let's hope terps go for 2 if they score here ! fear the turtle
i love you pizza hut . <3 so please bring me my pizza now ! i'm still waiting . . .
vote on dancing with the stars . has made a huge difference in my life now lets try to make a difference in hers .
mom is trying to not let me have any contact with the world all because im pregnant ! tf ? !
well , you can i tell i was a passenger in the van for the #lilacparade right arm is tan ! left isn't !
follow back please:)
ok sorry! ! guess there was a little twitter delay! ! rt : yay i won
clearly , a good eye .
um , yeah , we're going to use http post requests to integrate your system , no need to worry about designing the ui
wind and snow coming up this weekend ! welcome to northern nevada where " spring " means snow ! !
dreadful august 8th .
is gonna owe me $5.00 tomorrow! ! :)
hehe i don't have homework
you don't know the value of a dollar until you've earned it yourself .
at least it doesn't end that way (in the episode) . i effing hate that show .
whats the ultimate christmas present ? obviously it would be getting a pair of sabres ! !
have you seen the documentary called " fair game " ? is so , what do you think about it ?
rangers win , get both power play goals off #joelward double-minor . . .
just saw #21jumpstreet and it has to be the best movie ever hands down ! loved it
i'm there
access to info isn't scarce . what's scarce is doing something new & remarkable with all that info .
always need mo ' noho !
sure love ( :
: almost did when i seen the bride . .shes beautiful n glowing
yes even boren out
wordswordswordshurting people hurt peoplewordswordswords
rt director of house church network life together churches/ founder of video game co.rebel planet creations .
thx . . . being taken care of .
boesch on #bay : new vehicle will soon be launched to monitor bay . will be for independent scientific research .
hard 2 believe da esperanza n town & ian excited like i use 2 b
wordswordswords most interesting will be griffin's backup for 2012 suggestions ? buy a vet ? bring back rex ? keep beck ? punch self in nuts ?
wednesday's bonus point : visit the south madison metropolitan planning council office . put a link to their website in your photo caption !
it's national arbor day ! do your part by planting a tree and protecting our environment !
exactly . let your inner mullet fly free . you'll be at the forefront of fashion .
yup no bed til last out rt : i'm sticking this one out on principle . although neither club has earned it . can't bunt , cant run
whoa , reporting #bryanstow exonerated suspect #giovanniramirez at #dodgeropeningday in box seats behind home plate . wow .
i can't wait to see my munchkins ! wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
lol cool beans bro .
thanks for the follow . i like your site . something different .
thank you for the kind words and your support !
awesome sounds like fun
#thevoice wonder if christina enjoys taping her tits into stuff .
everybody watch 10 on top on mtv tomorrow ! cody is going to be on it :d
also want to say i am a ginger as well so lets share the love
#ilostmyvirginityto a destiny's child song . my 17 year old brain was like " yo , that's romantic as hell , son . "
rt please join us in our #geowebchat twitter chat tomorrow , may 1 at 3 pm edt .
no way!! ! that's awesome . small world . :)
heading to corrales tonight to catch the tumblweeds at the bistro
we'd love for you to play ! it's a unique event in a lovely part of the state . plus , it benefits young mn musicians !
did he fight you for extra leg room ?
haha , every night . wrigleyville bachelorette party sounded fun . was there a stop at dimo's pizza ?
or a lot
excited!! ! doing my first paid t.v . gig , in the nyc , for oxygen network!! ! yay !
volunteers are always needed to walk dogs and help out around the shelter ! if interested , stop in and fill out an application .
oh did you just woke up or something ?
ill be there march 22-27 most likely . staying at mandalay bay where my boy works . there is like 7 of us goin . u need too! ! !
it's pastels vs . statement white gowns on the red carpet tonight !
" i don't like cheese and crackers ; it's old-people food . . . " (ivy , 12 yrs) .
and another spaniard buzzer btr in a playoffs close-out game
just arrived to listen to texas renegade play . yeehaw !
red sox updates are just so chipper . . . until the tweet with the final score .
thanks you for following the pancreatic action network milwaukee affiliate !
that happens as they sit in the bottles longer . it changes .
i just spilled an entire glass of water on my lap . next stop is 1.5 he's away .
if you can hold one , hold on .
wmn are prone to alpha female/pecking order moments . it's not about our periods .
he's not going to his daughter's graduation at all bc she gave her mom more tickets . how petty can you be ? it's her day
i think " correspondence " dinner would be fun . everyone would communicate by passing notes
if your plan a doesn't work , the alphabet has 25 more letters . stay cool .
i always have a headache when i wake up from a nap ! :/
happy bd mozart ! !
gets my tell it award nomination for the day for his q's from the back row in pro #musesocial session
i love you
thanks ! so much better than lax !
talk stupid , off with ur head
once i realized it , i want you more than the world , if you want me to change , i will , i'm sorry . .
tracy , did you see yourself on my postcard ?
#reasonstobeatyourgirlfriend . . . seriously ? i'm trending a new topic
tanning then out to dinner with my sister <3
geez , you seem grumpy about the news . did you sign a contract prohibiting you from saying anything nice about the president ?
it's your birthday ? ! happy birthday !
i've met you in person , you're a very beautiful girl & yet on all your pictures on facebook you seem slightly retarded . explain yourself .
judge scolds microsoft and motorola for ' hubris ' and arrogance in patent case (todd bishop/geekwire) #m$watch
not that you're biased or anything rt fun fact : if aceves is pitching at almost any other ballpark , bobby v is an idiot .
teen wolf trailer ? oh lawdy don't even get me going on that show !
thanks for the follow ma , stay tuned . . . haan
watching people play flower at the art of video games by is the best .
interesting that my ' blocked ' list is longer than my ' follower ' list . am i too picky about the type of crap i have to read ? i hope so .
can't believe its been 25 years since the nasa challenger explosion . i remember watching it with my dad before school . where does time go ?
the world can't hold me , too much ambition .
wordswordswords : my nap was totally interrupted . lol . now i'm bored . :/wordswordswords i kno the feeling . . . happened to me twice today
smart thinking .
r.i.p josh</3 . you will be missed dearly d' :
what i would give to be in the uk student section saturday . . . . .
liter night at the anchor bar! ! $6 liters , $5 jager , and $4.50 bacardi drinks . . . come in for the best bar in south tampa on friday nights .
ah ! hi ! happy mothers dayy :d
musical excerpt from max understood by michael rasbury .
maybe if i was better .
rt : " i want you to be more creative . ..as long as it doesn't cause me any problems . " - your boss/teacher/etc .
2x as many women consult dr google than men . i'm probably the worst ! i google everything !
i guess ill be there . what's all going on ?
i hate mornings :(
hey do u have a twitcam cuz if u do i need help making one
" i decorate decorations!! " oh nigahiga how i love you .
yey it was nothing :) for my #tvdfamily i do whatever . xo
haha thanks man
we are so honored ! thx for following !
yes , coming in for the la festival of books & the latino books into movies awards shindig .
let's trade in all our judging for appreciating . let's lay down our righteousness and just be together.wordswordswords wordswordswords ram dass
thanks for the rt :)
yeah , really !
we all know your talking about me . ;) <21
i don't really . . .
hii!its me jessy!do u remember when u wrote me on twitter hey u play guitar sorry for no replyin but my old twitter dont work anymo
ctfu amen ! rt : #sotellmewhy you think i should text you first all the time , the phone works both ways not one .
gtta go to the hood lol
just checking . people who don't are nasty .
yea i know ! and can we rent cabins ?
happy #leap year boston!! ! any plans on your extra day today ?
lmao it was great , rose . and don't cry , ho , i'll try calling you this weekend ! <3 and
chicago is the first city eliminated from contention for the 2016 games
i love being a sexy puerto rican
do you two ever give it a break
law students on my train excited by rumor of school-wide gpa bump . didn't seems to quite understand implications of discussing it publicly .
is douche the new mf ?
will ferrell is a fool !
perhaps something latent in his delivery etc that was a little more on the surface during his prospect days ?
that is , names and all personally identifiable information
i've realized that i hump my pillow at night . wat .
- check your salad . it may be bugged . sorry . ..that was so bad !
getting ready to take the stage at #mwd20 to talk tech trends for emergency responders
alright . .i'm gonna try and stop talking about it . just dont ask me " do anything really awesome & enlightening lately ? " & you should be fine
i've just tweeted for the fan vid,but i tweeted from my personal account , look at my tweets and you'll see :)
#the do's & don'ts of eating the healthy
. wants a creative local to curate a monthly art exhibit in their entryway ! email for details .
or should that b " meow " ?
thank you joe . for being a respectful #redsox fan .
lately , youwordswordswordsre the only person iwordswordswordsve been wanting to talk to .
q : why are fish so smart ? a : they are always in schools !
a real man can stay loyal to his woman without getting sidetracked by hoes .
when you grow , grow smart . consider staff limitations and happiness level , efficiency of services , profitability , and more .
#youneedspeed made 7 beats in one day on speed once . .lol
a #career #coach helps sort out #talent , #resumes and
um , yeah . so that book that im supposed to be reading . . . .
please tell david to relax and breathe . have a rockin ' friday !
i miss u more how u been
pretty sure it says " i like men . " rt : did the tattoo on inge's arm say " i like inge " ?
yeah , one would think background checks would be thorough for someone like that - hope they learned their lesson !
i love how you promise me we'll go to cashion and then you go without me . . . . i've wanted to go since i was 9 . . . i wanna cry now . . thanks . . .
as a matter of fact , this idea is so awesome , that i'm lost in emotion .
are you in nyc ? bbq may be one of the only foods that's better here .
you just don't get it
first day of our newest program in makeni was a huge success ! stay tuned for pictures !
bait car oh it's filmed in atl . criminals that aren't very bright . lol
gotta say , driving in dallas is not a pleasant experience .
prof is asking for input on her pedagogy . . .
mcdonaghs legs are more jello like than my gut . dude has skated a whole game
to have nothing to spare , you need to live each day as if it was your last .
rumor was she dined at chilis the night before . . .
we are continuing shooting tonight , make sure to stay tuned ! and check out our blog www.elephilms.tumblr.com for pictures from last night !
you make me smile wordswordswordswordswordswords
woot woot ! my favorite sale is back at my store (!) - buy 2 bottles of bubbly or wine over $20 each , get 3rd for 1wordswords .
baseball season has barely began , but there are already a ton of long term injuries to many players
to live is to balance . ..wants . ..needs . ..happiness and responsiblities wit motion . . . .living thing grow - dead mind grow nothin but death
guess what guyss ? i am marrying <3
who else is ready for the weekend ? ! let's do this !
ok i need therapy . .netflix on one tab . twitter on another . . . ..can you say i need help or what ? lol . . . .
i saw you were in the books :-) can't wait to meet you ! come in with your hair down & dry so i can cut your hair dry !
lovely!!! ! we can tweet at each other lots ! :) welcome to the
los ramblin rebel rousers de cincinnati .
haha . that is almost exactly my current fb status update .
when does an open tab finally shift into the i'm-never-going-to-read-this-article-and-i-should-just-close-it-and-move-on-with-my-life realm ?
did u just substitute the word tail for ass! ! i'm out . .wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswhere's the ignorance!! ! ?
propecia and weight loss | shipped worldwide . : shipped worldwide . online drugstore : you pay for your health . order online propecia pr . .
#gotribe hey , the tigers lost . magic number : 132 . gotta love it falling 3 numbers in one day .
maybe b.c . you didn't tweet much .
you not responding to email since it is social media day ?
also a different situation because there's no " owner, " and a significant portion of the reserve fund was put into effect .
my teenage daughter is having a " teen moment" . i'm about to have a " you better get some ' act right ' in you " moment . #mommadontplaydat !
drunk inxgromy of my mom and she's laughing wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
are you ready for the weekend ?
are you hanging out with wedding planner extraordinaire david caruso ?
welcome to the states and indy ! will be watching online . good luck , proud little guy ! b big! ! luis says , use the force !
space heater on high and the power has flickered a lot . i think it's reflects my whimpy circuit breaker & not a bigger power issue . right ?
it might not be my friday , but i'm going to pretend like it is ! tgif . #cheers !
another unexpected evening with the ! looking forward to frank on april 7! ! pops or classical = #happy jacque
i enjoyed it too . mellencamp is like indiana football . not good .
across the street from the new amazon site . maybe cooling towers for aws ?
rt : is your picture just a cookie cutter version of what the photographer does , or is it a great picture of you ! could make . . .
good ! wordswordswords : eating an apple a day helps lower cholesterol and improves digestion.wordswordswords
you can't change people , you can only change how you deal with them
courage the cowardly dog is trending . that was the scariest and the best kids show ever . courage the cowardly dog still be my favorite .
catch me for all your waxing needs this sat-mon
cool ! i'll be in vic from the 7-11 of june . if you're still in town we should go for a run :)
yea i think i broke my ipod when they said iconic boyz
me to !
preorder the new mis joint on itunes right now ! it officially comes out tomorrow so get it now !
and yes i know how sad that is .
that awkward moment when you're reading a blog post and this happens : " it was then , in the darkness of the african continent , that i . . "
2/2/1756->j . dean : if there are any men here who are not able to march . ..leave them under the care of the doctor
you can't unfry things .
own your future , speak for yourself , because each of us have to pay for it , on our own . noquote
if you can avoid flying to israel , do that . they will stick in the crappiest plane they have and treat you like cows .
had dinner with an old college friend tonight . . . remembering all the phi sig parties made me realize what rockstars we were :)
out for the show ! just heard the opening act lucious from brooklyn . they're kinda awesome !
why did bear trip ? :d
. a lot of words radiate out of an individual
one interesting thing about digarchives today , for me , is the transitional nature of the tech . will it be so in 20yrs ? 50 ?
that movie " battleship " looks like it's going to be good
aww im sorry rexie :'( at least you didnt go outside . ..i had to and i died !
watching mark wahlberg get pummeled to the sounds of neil diamond's sweet caroline
q : remote monitoring raising level of care outside of hospital itself ?
hey , wherewordswordswordss that fancy schmancy reflector dish technology from last year ? #2c saves characters for meaningful conversation !
enjoy your birthday and enjoy a massage for me!!! ! that's a direct order ;)) lol enjoy your r&r . . . .
the pro and anti 4/20 tweets are so annoying #shatdahellup and tweet about the more interesting topic , the
it's impossible
i told you to be patient and i told to be fine and i told you to be balanced and i told you to be kind .
well i guess bobby petrino will not be doing commercials for harley davidson . but , he could endorse ashley madison .
don't worry they were down below on the sand getting their naked tan on lol .
and since my cute little cousin is apparently ballin , i expect an ice cream date in my near future , lots of ice cream! ! !
awh hi katja ! ^^ i'm good , thank you . how are you hun ? :) & well i'm getting stressed and all but that's how it goes ! wordswordswordswordswordswords
when you can't find your remote<<<< wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
so so sleepy but my mind once again won't stop thinking . ..lol
#free t-shirts for the 1st 100 peeps at ! join for more fun now ! text free to 35350 for prizes from mo's & promo mke !
allergies suck .
trying to decide what to do next
as always , fighting the urge to annotate my database design docs with pictures of robots . [:|]
at #authorspeak2012 ? yes , please !
he's crafty like that .
you okay ?
can anyone help me with my twitter account ? tweetdeck keeps telling me " twiiter authentication failed ? " thanks friends i miss tweeting w/u !
very interested in talking about trends/changes in social behavior . connect offline ?
how will you be spending your mother's day ? we would love to hear . . .
letwordswordswordss just say that wordswordswordsxwordswordswords is a variable name (wordswordswordsasynchronous javascript and xwordswordswords) and keep using our current fancy acronyms .
#morning! ! busy days dont stop coming if you keep yourself busy . keep moving foward !
other than everything else , is there anything more delicious than a fortune cookie ?
i had set mine up on pc , so i could go in and edit my changes , but when i connected the remote , the computer didn't see it .
lol . that isn't really the point . . .
i kept it so real witcha that i was blind .
wanna jolt . . read jack ketchum's the girls next door . true horror . makes u wonder if evil is contagious ?
only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly " - rfk
. ..chix mole at nancy's , milwaukie . laura of taco loco fame has taken over nancy's kitchen . ("best things we ate in #pdx last week cont.) . . .
3 day load needs to explode . my man left today to be with his fam . who wants to help ?
baby don't worry you know that you got me . . .
rt wordswordsattention ! to whom it may concern:at the drive-in will be breaking their 11 year silence this station is wordswordswordsnowwordswordswordsoperational
it would just so happen that when i move back to dc , the caps lose another game 7 .
" on my mind " by on my headphones .
if u ain't tryin to buy shoes don't waste my time cuz money is the subject mf
that is unless you're too stubborn to ask for help like me :)
can't believe that our seniors are graduating tomorrow--it's gone too quickly ! !
thanks , steve , for everything - the devices , the thinking , the marketing , the brand , the coolness .
how far are you ?
oh my god i am so happy right now ! !
rejection still feels the same . . . . but just when i was down,i was offered a 10k donation to last breath!! ! god has a sense of humor,i likey
i'm so upset right now
cool - then there is still opportunity to buy more stock
lawd . i wish you the best of luck tho . ( :
lesson learned many times over . thanks for the reminder .
the avengers was stellar however i still think tdkr will cater more to me . i'm a batman kid . still great work here by all . hat tip whedon !
that's an article about the noble . i didn't know there was one named after the nobel prizes . where's that one ?
we will be closed tomorrow , july 4th . be sure to take advantage of our new late night hours and get your rio fix tonight !
" we're from dayton , oh . not too far . not as bad as pittsburgh . what's the last good band that came from ptsbrg ? the ben rothlisberger band ? "
make sure to stop into pittsburgh popcorn co ! their oakland flavors are : vanilla cashew , the cajun , mesquite bbq !
yes ! see you there ?
i consider myself incredibly lucky because i have found some of the best parts of humanity where i least expected . wordswordswords
have mercy . we can't hang out i'm gaining weight .
stop looking for someone to make u happy,and start looking for someone who cares about ur happiness
your about to feel the white hot cream of an eighth grade boy
thanks for the follow , we're #hiring in minnesota and wisconsin
nice . i've been playing with different platforms . been using tumblr for reading responses & convo . may try posterous next .
thx for the find/follow on twitter missi! ! :) i tend to be a little more exciting on here . ..enjoy the show ! ;)
pythagoreanism , the religious sect that followed pythagoras .
for this summer ?
is attending " rit entrepreneurs conference : web of opportunities " .
you can't see me
upgrading a freebsd vm , watching stuff compile . . .
seriously that description of us is dead on , right ? :)
it's all fun and games until you drop your phone in the damn tall grass! ! !
give peace a chance everyone .
also , wondering if u would like to do an interview on a sat . betw 6-10pm or something live @ the station in new brunswick , nj . . . ?
we're excited to welcome the incoming mims students this friday ! we're looking forward to meeting you all .
slinging ink tattoo show@ the san antonio event ctr . drowning pool in the house . say you saw us on twitter stop by inside concessions .
like hip hop or what ?
i'll be there . see you friday night/saturday ?
i think this would be a super hot scene : and
fourth cup !
who did they play besides an overrated notre dame and a cincy team coming off a 2 ot win that has been up and down all year .
can't wait , congrats
sometimes , i can move my jaw into a certain position and all the creativity in the universe is channeled through my fingers and chin .
#therewasacrazymoose is trending ! now you have to follow :)
i was about to say what the hell ?
ok . that's enough . those of us on campaign budgets occasionally are forced to get mcdonalds and don't need this .
you got a lot to learn
defining addiction
chord overstreet & zombies
wordswordswords : nj rt question no one care about but who are islanders fans cheering for in the ecf ? wordswordswords the sports life of evan .
no prob d.m me tho
just upgraded and it was completely painless .
#iwannaknowwhy you haven't made plans yet to come to for lunch or happy hour today ! 1/2 off drinks 12-7 and 20$ open bar 6-9 !
today is the day , femcity milwaukee launch event ! 5:30-7:30pm ! remember to bring a fleece item for the ywca & get a raffle ticket !
headed to the grand finals on saturday . only two more rows as a badger .
9:45am and i'm already wanting to bang my head on the desk . .
i'm looking for college teaching jobs , several of them in the midwest !
yooo we txtin it up right now
i'm game for the new one if y'all doin that , sold my copy of 12 a few months back
ahh that's true . so many girls are dressing up really nice for them though . afterwards , i'm roaming all of tampa to find them .
yeah right on
zumanity and human nature for free in less than 3 days ! man i love my job . . . outside of actually working at my job .
happy birthday hope you have a great day!:) <3 tonight get crazy girly;)
just found my old book of cds . nostalgia central . flipping thru the pages . murphy lee's album is next to the beatles 1 album . don't judge .
happy turkey day :d *gobble gobble* #bringontheturkey<3
am i the only one who is not into getting up at 4am for 1/2 off socks ? just sayin .
4 aa nimh #mintyboost flies on the recharge . so cool . saving up for an internet of things printer/assistant .
didn't get to hug nearly enough #wiunion peeps today . expect random attacks all week . #_huglife (watchout )
oh good ! ;-) i figured after peter had his alone time it was only fair that olivia have hers ! o:-)
so , you ever read a book and have one of those moments when the clouds part and the angels sing over your epiphany ? yea .
i am always doing that which i cannot do , in order that i may learn how to do it . ~ pablo picasso
hey bro
it's pretty there . i used to fish the fox river . will be a great , relaxing get-away for you two
rt if you love and want to marry him !
the focus must be risk based with primary efficacy end-points and serious adverse event review at the top of every monitor visit .
well i'm not irish so they don't mean as much to me but yes i saw them and they are pretty sick
re " app store " not fond of encouraging proprietary additions to koha
hey fellow foodie bloggers , tweeters and chefs -- what #pittsburgh restaurants should we be following on here but aren't ? let us know !
ok , sign me up for that one too .
see post differences with post revisions .
to all the new follower , thank you ! i follow back .
thank you for watching ! love you too ! can't wait to see you in a couple weeks ( :
are you still in london ? are you coming to visit the us anytime ? i miss you !
thanks to you & matt for the beautiful card ,
they should have gone for the suckfest trifecta of shows , greene , and tv teddy
after hearing much debate about this kony video , i'm watching for myself . my opinion is my own .
#boyfriendreview i love your voice it's so deep
our talent show dis firday., ! :) lets she who gotd talent . , ?
happy birthday to mr .
didn't know there was one for the locals .
just talked with i'm so excited for her visit this weekend !
check out www.todaysfavoritetoys.com to get that special toy at a great price !
the new york times has an op-ed piece about how al-qaeda is not web 2.0 enough . that's disturbing in more ways than i can sanely enumerate .
this coachella live with dr dre , snoop , 50 , wiz , eminem is going hard
#prizesonthehoodpriceisright a years supply of hiv medication .
so today was a super fun day :d
hey peeps ! help me out ! rt your friends , have them follow me ! i'm at 830 , which is not bad for my 2nd profile here , but i need more ! thnk u !
countdown to starting the mba : 5 days
nice to see you on here !
so the home security system just went off , problem , it`s been disconnected for the past year , off the wall disconnected ? i`m up now : (
this . rt if kim and beyonce become friends , i'm done with humanity .
dissident case poses test for u.s.-china diplomacy
2/3 of total smart phone loss happens between 9p-2a - i think alcohol may have something to do with it . here's the low down on smart . . .
thanks for the #ff last week . have a great weekend this week . :)
wasn't able to see extreme rules tonight but i'd bet it be awesome !
i'll be tuning in for sure ! thanks for giving me the time difference . . . .hate figuring that out . ( :
" hated christmas ! the whole christmas season ! now , please don't ask why "
wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords not that you'd let me change the channel .
in honor of our founding fathers : homemade guacamole !
get paid ma dude
i need to go try that acupuncture therapy out my back b killing me
can't wait to see your big wonderful smile on #dwts ! :-) go pack go !
happy birthday to one of baltimore's finest #joeflacco !
so cold out and my butt hurts can this day get any worse ?
says owns more land in the world than any other landowner . ..except the catholic church
#1111 icon:1000 ur sopretty and it's fun tweeting u and i know austin is gonna follow u nd ur cool but we don't talk much but it can change
still haven't tried marmite . i imagine it must taste bitter , sweet and fruity . and brown .
syb , you're on record for saying you did not think it would be good .
lol - can't wait ! rt : which is why you get the prize in the mail soon !
then i'd say gin & tonic
i don't play stupid little games .
balancing short term execution with long term strategic domination . . .
rt : rt : thanks , dana - great job . :) #bizmomsknow youre welcome and thank you ! it was a pleasure <=ty
finna hit da skating ring wit my cuzins :) hope i have fun fingas crossed
the 7pm screening of " sophomore " friday is sold out . there will be a second screening friday night at 10pm .
you got a twitter ? :o
i super miss you .
exactly . they're only about 15 years late on this move .
oh my god . honey . i'm so sorry . so terribly sorry . i can't imagine . gigantic hugs . like as big as the world .
refilled the birdfeeders . got customers as i was walking away .
someone please tell me to get off etsy so that i can go back to working on my paper !
first break from gigs in weeks ! and what am i doing ? at home practicing my guitar ! last place i wanna be right now is at a club or bar !
merry christmas everyone!! ! !
tax returns don't mean a thing , it's not important,it's personal . question why's romney not released his . ? $57,000 a day w/o explanation ?
are you doing it for weight loss ?
1000 followers & then the most shoutouts will receive a play-on bracelet from me :)
little kid cartoon movieswordswordswords >>>>
rapid development - prototyping - iterative approach helps in navigating the bureaucracy -
it was an honor to have you ! and you are always welcome . :)
tgif napa hour is waiting for you !
when i get bored , i like to tweeze my chest hair . it doesn't take long since i only have 3 hairs .
to quit .
gonna take me a long ass nap !
big thanks to everyone for a fun wednesday night !
hey dude please check pool cleaner .
what is your #resolution this #newyear ? do share . . . .
phenomenal pick . couldn't be prouder of kuechly
they rep both ny and ct based talents .
both of my girls are in high school now . university city high and kearny digital media design
a pat on the shoulder for who
it's sad to watch my former papers die . it's worse to see what it's doing to my former co-workers .
why are people still lip synching ? we get that it is hard to sing and dance . just pick one .
are you talking about me ? ! i totally need a cape !
cole adkins is our strategic accounting analyst ! his work is absolutely superb !
there's a bus stop on st francis street and ferry can we get the tree trimmed by the sign so bus drivers can see it
exercise of the day : ball dumbbell pullover - the ball dumbbell pullover provides the perfect exercise movement to work both your chest . . .
fifty shades for the guineas ?
i followed her
#whenitwascoolto smoke ciggerettes boys to men were making hits
next time !
phil collins comes on the moment i enter this thrift store .
just finished my " i am " paper for english now its tme for xbox livee ( :
being someone's first love may be great , but to be someone's last is beyond perfect
damn theres some freaks on twitter !
please follow she is you biggest fan!16
:o what happened ? ! ?
yes im a spoild brat ! they raise me on gettin everything i want they can change it up now
oh my god seriously ? -_____-
unrequited love is no bueno .
we are partying tonight , oakland . would love to party with you . cafe vitus if you you wanna get down and rock .
rip steve jobs
watching killer elite and drinkin some buds . sho nuff need it after today's saints game .
okay ! want to have cute alemily moments later ? i need to watch tsc too , tonight . lol
today marks my one year anniv ' w/ got to meet & more .
has there been any proposals for high speed train service previously for the nw ?
omg i think floyd merriweather is so darned m !
ugh i'm having the worst time with this . we should plan a get together soon !
' my new boots are hurting my feet ! saddest day ever! '
excellent ! well have fun ! do some teenage stuff ! enjoy yourself .
#askjennette what was the most creative coustume you saw this halloween ? ( :
#cv council accepts report from exec compensation review commission (which found in general that cv execs are fairly compensated) .
dear #nhl , please don't turn into the #nfl and start treating goalies like qbs . tootoo did nothing wrong .
fathers day weekend , if you do not already have the children , be on time , 6pm friday at non custodial parents residence to pick up kids .
the paprika-dusted flounder over fisherman's stew at on #hstdc is phenomenal !
actually talked to my dad :)
how is it obama can tell his doj he will not enforce the defense of marriage act , at same time saying has to crack down on med marijuana ?
i sent you an email ! respond at your earliest convenience . god bless .
thanks for da shout out . .u seem really cool to . .yea i follow u . .but follow back plz:)
perhaps , but i think the non-existence of a dome is a greater factor . i'll believe this once chicago hosts .
i'm looking at my budget for the next two weeks after all the bills have been paid . it doesn't look good
another movie my husband worked on , called eden , won audience favorite our good friend , megan , the director , won best female director
funny , never thought i'd be flying to somewhere other than the south pacific . . . scotland via london-bound .
to you .
i wish i could sleep some more . . .
please let my family be okay back home .
not an artist ? be part of artwalk as a volunteer ! volunteer forms available at www.ghartwalk.com
karaoke tonight at rustys old 50 on old world 3rd st . 10pm . $4.00 gets you a domestic beer and a shot !
boo ! thx for the tip . you're the best for design resources ! still need to return your prepress book . likely'll be in htx in sept .
walt disney world's magic kingdom is 40 years old today <3 i was gonna go today but i guess not :c
i must find the one my soul loves
you g an rv ? cuz that'd be tight .
gotta love parents . . father in-law called to inform us they don't have " email " anymore but now have " gmail" . ha ha .
same here ! haha
yes it was one of the better thursdays here is nc
i really want to go on a run but the fact that someone got shot today on my street makes me weary . .
why are parents just so annoying all the darn time ? why ?
im doin good ; thanks 4 askin where u from ?
awesome ! that sounds like a fun one !
hows things ? just got off work . today was my friday , yay !
i just backed a mysophobic peripheral thing on , in the name of
i don't follow basketball much but can you tell me what that thing hanging down from jeremy lin's chin is ? skin tag ?
when we begin to understand the tabernacle is jesus and build ministry from this pattern we shall experience th latter glory !
lol are you kidding , he'd die in ecstasy . . . ..all that attention ! he may be bc , but he's still a red blooded man ! xd
uk was in the nit tourny in 09 , wasn't that long ago
rip robert sherman,thx for the music u have created . . .
i love you , handsome<333 :3
thanks for following me :)
i somehow almost managed to lock myself in rumba's bathroom . it was pretty scary .
omg i'm so sorry
yeah justin bieber in trends
yes ! makes me crazy , why is the cord so short ? !
i wonder (& hope) the donor had the same level healthcare options as cheney had .
question is it over all big ten record to win the leg and leaders or just record in between your own division
thanks emily !
walked in the bar and this chick instantly came over and started entering her number .
all of us who are old enough have personally experienced these issues . open that atariwriter file , anyone ?
so is everyone going to start using the #insteadofdebating hashtag again ?
i remember when we were out side my house and you wanted to slow dance with me and i was scared to cause people where out side .
#edtech we are piloting ipads for the first time . looking for teacher must have apps for k-5 ; aligning with common core a plus .
i know
tell everyone that #scout and #imore are way awesome . then i'll play until i fall asleep on the screen
mtv news first date
thanks so much for following ! you guys are awesome ! ( :
ward's at check out chef kev on now !
was gonna get some shots up went outside and it's pouring
come on by !
hope it's late nov ! i won't be there till at least the middle of the month at the earliest !
want to lose weight ? drink 16oz of cold water before each meal . then , eat only half of whatwordswordswordss on your plate .
don't worry #indiana punter . you will get many more opportunities this game .
ooh yeah ! and it's great ! i'm really loving it still ! have you started classes yet at mi ?
yellow , blue , pink , purple . . what a beautiful sunset to drive home to
ah that bvb song is stuck in my head now
woah , i am not like that at all !
adele rules , man
glad youlike them
" helen must needs be fair , when with your blood you daily paint her thus . " - troilus & cressida , 1.1
boston bar!! ! !
take chances in life . you only got 1 chance to live your life . #keepstriving . . .
how did you like fliming with kandi i heard she is a good actor
thank you kindly !
it's going to be a very long , very quiet day . of course , that means i'll be able to write for a while , so no complaints from me !
is really doing it big this year #nodoubt !
actorstuff : don't be generous to impress . just be generous .
want a website that truly represents you and your personality or the personality of your business ? go custom ! . ..we can help ! ;)
does it freeze in new orleans ?
it is biased of you to call it " obama care" . it is health care .
girls who tease their hair at my school look ridiculous
. ..the #tebow report courtesy of pro football talk
the full announcement should be coming on the 15th (or so i'm told) .

the world health organization went on high alert , dispatching top experts to the united states and mexico
so do many others that are a part of this protest . you can still help digitally :)
protesters go home be safe
someone at work today used the word " fructify " in a presentation . that woke me up all right .
wordswordswords : #mypastrelationships don't affect my next relationships . you can't carry the weight of your past into your future.wordswordswords
i feel you ! i hate retail & food .
caron butler breaks his hand with clips down 25 in the forth , clips come back to win after he goes out . . coincidence ?
them new 4's not that ugly nomore .
congratulations and for winning best of show
love seating in players wives section !
nice ! there's the rest of my night . thanks for sharing !
mall with
ha ! maybe after next month when i graduate . still at claim jumper .
abraham lincoln .
it is! ! i had some before bed , and i was out like a light! ! !
.aye , i had munchies . get off my case .
another visit coming in tomorrow . a fine young man who is equally great in the classroom as he is on the floor . looking forward to it !
red hot yoga's teacher training program will open it's 500 ryt training next spring . more info to come !
you should think of good things cuz not all of my goodies are showin :o) lol
it's always nice to workaround a server issue by writing better code
best dream/tweet ever .
a minituare one , that i could just keep with me
precisely , we're actually the new house band at qualcomm stadium with the dead , croce and yusef islam . check us out some time .
i know i think she will in a matter of weeks
feelin a new kind of confident
kafka is the only person who really understands me .
needing a haircut . arg but mtgs . idea : there should be roaming barbers on campus that cut your hair during ineffective meetings . yes .
that sounds really nice ! i wish i was in co right now !
it's about actions & outcomes ; actions & reactions - not just publishing messages on social media says at
filming today in the office . wednesday december 7th is the opening for the new office-there will be a party and we'll be giving away stuff
yeah i def wanna get em right when they're on sale . just need your address and i'll put a check in the mail tomorrow . just 1 .
embrace who you are , there is no else as unique as you k .
yankees win! ! thuuuhhh yankees win! ! !
just few more hours left and then i can finally enjoy the weekend ! what's for dinner tonight ? dessert for sure!! ! :)
look alive ! !
happy birthday!( :
listen to action bronson mixtape blue chips if your a rap he's forreal ! !
rain in l.a . wordswordswords : early morning walk with the dogs , some yoga , gardening , reading . it's nice to hav . ..how's your saturday shaping up ? wordswordswords
q8 : german food that you canwordswordswordst get enough of ?
ur the one on the far right . . . ? and u look good then a mf wit dat bright blonde hair
andrew breitbart left us before i had a chance to meet him . sometimes the good die young .
strange sf observation : there are almost no trashcans in public places here , yet there is also almost no litter .
oh my god . . . i honestly believe we should have a right to sue bad hairdressers for their jobs . .at least at the small claim court
skipped silent when we speak because it's depressing .
thanks for the follow back ! have a great weekend !
free fallin ' aint just a song by tom petty .
it is staggering to think how many people throughout history have also enjoyed milk and cookies in the wrigley field press box .
stick it in roll it ! remind u of sum !
black rappers frequently reference deadlocks ; white rappers never reference bowl cuts ? why the disparity
i'm glad i no longer have to read what i write to my madre cause sumthing about her mind i have to explain in full detail every sentance:p
at the doctor checkinq on my son then im off to the dentist then im on my way home to go back to sleep !
just because you never held office doen't mean you aren't a politicion . you have run a campaign before . to get a coach fired .
but if the folks i knew ever said " meme, " they never said it around me . to your credit , you were sick of " blogosphere " before most .
this is a no brainer
tried not to in that tweet :) just don't read my replies to others !
last chance to come grab george clinton on strain of the day!! ! super head sativa with a sweet skunky flavor! ! !
+1 rt if i were to suggest one excel function you should know , it's vlookup . helped me as product manager of 1000's of products
wondering how much the american farm bureau and its many subsidiaries have spent lobbying congress against child safety rules
may 4th every year . it's a play off the line " may the force be with you " may the 4th . . .
ah , i hear this song and i think of
be beautiful,black,and sexy!!! ! street beauty entertainment !
may birthday bash at mastrella's the imaginary band will be celebrating by rocking the house ! may 21st ! it's lisa's birthday ! let's party !
crying red and gold tears right now .
rum punch-mount gay rum-grilled fish rice and peas and grilled white sweet potato . . . .my parents rubbing it in live from barbados ! ughh !
rt : #virgo personality is a strong , almost volcanic sexuality that can lie hidden and dormant for years until the right partne . . .
coming up on sunrise , calling hours for capt . bruce clark will be held today and a rpd sgt . shot while on duty returns to work .
thats me&my friends ' s whole mission is to #stopbullying if u were a true grander u wouldnt have done that
no . don't have a stickerman yet !
get back me . i wanna know more about your situation
let me get back to you . we've got everything accessible through an amazon s3 instance . would that work ?
i think thats a metaphor for gayness . ..i mean if you wanna come out ill be right there to support ya
mornnnnninnnnn!! ! today is #movingday for the uranium universe !
did you check to see if there were any scratches or fingerprints on thewordswordswords oh , wait .
i have been laying in this bed for 2 hrs and not a wink of sleep . i have to be at work at 5am i'm about to look so stupid
whoever produced that car commercial featuring #spandauballet is in trouble . that darn song is #stuckinmyhead this is the sound of my soul
thursday evening
i can't believe i studied 3 days non-stop and still got this grade , i am not taking this i want a freakin ' recount or something
i'm about to fall out of my bed . this show is hilarious !
dierra actually is rude . lol seriously .
happy birthday kameron! ! wordswordswordswordswordswords enjoy :) wordswordswords
cute boy i like . . . . y u no make it clear if you like me . ?
#reasonswednttalknomore because you tried to change me from your lover to your bank account . . .
good luck to my sis running the indy mini tomorrow ! !
ortiz middle school marching band-houston directed by roderick kennedy selected to the 4th annual mlk day youth parade-houston 713-953-1633
love wigginton to the #phillies . a little of everything they need in one guy . the fans are going to love him too .
how many guinness have you had ?
we're back !
yes . ..i've proven that high-quality steak can be successfully slow-warmed in microwave without sacrificing much flavor . office smells great !
looking forward to play again . tonight my official bday party:-)
welcome to twitter nation ! gotta get booty major on here now !
thanks for the follow . i really like your work . your pictures are beautiful . have a great day .
ya know . . . it just occurred to me that i've never seen two cats humping . hmm .
bieberwordswordswordss comment highlights th fact tht over 50 million americans dont have health insurance,that 50,000 americans die each year without it ,
african americans who are offended by marriage equality issue . shame ! civil rights are civil rights .
do you have a download link to the janine & the mixtape song ? !
trying all sorts of things in r and finding that many of them work like you would want (contrary to my nervous expectations) !
lauber's dead .
last two times we beat the dyers we won the cup
when you think about it , the nba all-star game is really just a pick-up game . amazing that people pay for overpriced tickets to watch .
cosmic love by florence+the machine
appreciate the rt
brett favre is retiring ? who would have expected a year to pass without that fraud announcing he was retiring -- once again .
was up was up
i give a damn about what you do . ..but i get offended when you act like i'm stupid . ..lol i'm off you
thank you so much inventor of the headphone for creating a means of drowning out the drivel of boring people .
guess who's got two thumbs and gets to work the return desk tonight ? *points to self* i am also talking at the #library board meeting :-/
#happypatriotsday & #marathonmonday to all my friends in #boston ! and , of course , go #redsox! ! !
reddick has had his ups and downs tonight , literally .
her : youwordswordswordsre so lucky you donwordswordswordst have to wear make up . me : yeah , but itwordswordswordss a lot of work being this ruggedly handsome .
rip junior seau
i got a dollar
it's a beautiful spring morning--perfect for sharing a story about texas wildflowers . barnyard buddies begins in less than an hour !
s . dakota st & fans losin s*** over winning conf (& rite to face like kansas in rd 1) is what makes ncaa hoops gr8 (& f'ball lame) .
thanks for being awesome ! #teamawesome our marketing person is a big fan of yours !
i like sweets :)
who the f is yolo ? nvm
study for my research methods final , or remain a slave to draw something for the rest of the afternoon ?
thank you for the rt : : destination imagination | " to learn & experience creativity , teamwork & problem solving . . .
morning , tweeties ! live for everything and settle for nothing .
never let a fool kiss you . or a kiss fool you .
google needs to make their ios reader app usable
i guess i'm just not the last thing you think of at night , that last thought that finally allows you to sleep with a smile on your face .
one of the things from childhood i miss as an adult is scheduled naptime .
i had to clean my room all by myself since my roomate dipped on me .
yeah i wasn't gonna fight him but alright
woke up winning
randy moss to nyj ?
good thing are announcing all their winners on twitter . i'd hate to have to actually watch the show .
anyways . . im so classic !
looks like this rockstar is going back to work!! ! i got the job! ! !
very interesting (not really) . wordswordswords : i'm at costco gas station (1600 expo pkwy , at exposition blvd , sacramento) w/ 2 others .
well just let me know . your always welcomed .
thank you to all of the most amazing vendors , awesome musicians and lovely folks who made it out to the crafty underdog show yesterday !
rt : getting a great opportunity to show the new release to right now .
oh texas ! i do love you oh so much but you're hot as hell . i can't wait to get my hands on some tex mex and bbq ! !
i'm probably gonna hang out with friends . hbu ? if you answered that would be amazing .
fasho bro lets get it
did jay buhner just refer to a flare basehit as a " duck snort " ?
what's good peanut shaped head ass lil college student . lmao
just checked out positively fifth street prepping for my great read alike panel
#2chainznextlyrics - 2 chainz so my neck is froze . cry for me like mario . got a black girl & a white girl , so when we together oreos !
good morning . feel free to connect to me through linkedin . thanks .
thanks to all of the killer kudos we received at the benefit today ! we were proud to play for great people for a great cause! ! !
bahah did you do it lmfaoo cause i think i might lol
there is always someone who cares .
hi cathy nice to meet you too !
back in la and now heading to phoenix for a quick work trip . work hard play hard 2011 is on ! no holding back this year . wide open .
hahahahahahhahahah my ass not before he was famous rigghhtt
it's not me either .
i have had my share of blown up servers as well . i feel your pain .
if only i live in texas , i can meet & his friends there at the beach
maybe our political system is so intertwined with financial sector preventing effective oversight & prosecutions .
thinking about getting another car . . . .
we will find out what its like to be . . in a marching band . . . yeah for the fireman .
i approve
tgif tomorrow . . . . legit .
crazy weekend
no the fukk i wouldn't! ! !
xtamina is doing it big in miami on south beach , come out and join us for free food , drink , and cash .
roll of thunder , hear my cry , hear it roll on past the lakers by and by . . .
follow me plz it would make my day plzzzz
my grandmother always said don't argue with a fool because someone on the outside listening might not know who's who .
america's greatest state trooper .
our pleasure ! wordswordswords : thanks for a great experience in radio , , and !!wordswordswords
lol he will just like last year even though he mexican lol
remember your faith , god gave you the position your in glorify him with your life , your talent . . stay humble , god bless !
real love never dies ! !
" : you never quite know how idiotic people are until you work in the service industry . #truth " this is so true
how rad would it be to have at the #ntleqmarch and at the event ? ! ! ? she's an advocate for queer and youth rights !
the ellen show = #therosieshow ?
it's just not the music that gets your band noticed . it's also the photos we make for your publicity .
going to papa joe's for the first time tonight ! #roc can't wait ! m tripe !
and then i surprise my bro and nephews with th tix ! game time @ m&t bank stadium ! harbaugh bros against each other ! cooper bros in th house !
8th grade sucks
don't prescreens exist to prevent those moments ?
a people-pleasing personality is more of a curse than a gift in my book .
find me on facebook (rayraystring)
can you start giving us updates on what is being worked on right now ? i guarantee you will have thousands of followers in no time
nyc here i cone
follow back plz:)
i just got back from a difficult visit to the bathroom , where i had no choice but to bellow , " jean d'arc . "
[7 - 1] the houston astros scored against the milwaukee brewers in the top of the 5th inning . houston astros 7 , milwaukee brewers 1
all of these comments will be available to students in the fall prior to course selection . so there's that !
sometimes the only thing you can do is cry .
just walked outside to blue skies and sunshine . . . all i need is temps above 50* ! ;)
thanks bro ! u know i've failed a 1000 times and gotten up 1001 times ! definitely gonna make it big one way or another !
if your phone doesn't ring , it's me .
i am so proud ! thanks . . .
great to meet you too larry .
happy for the broncos though
rt : if you are complaining right now about your situation , either change the way you do things or quit whining .
i know , i've been caught by that a few times . i totally agree that it's terrible , but it isn't going away anytime soon
can u please follow me back!!! ! :)
bruhhhhhhh omg i forgot to tell you something when we were texting
just got from the runway . ..=)
his mother called such people ignorant and superstitious , but his father only shook his head slowly and puffed his pipe and said
i pretend like i don't care but it makes me miss you more .
don't call my pumpkin i perfer catalope .
loved that beer , thank you for sharing
dude i just loled at your twitter bio . . . hopscotch master ftw ! you gotta add h-o-r-s-e master in there too
heck yeah js ! can't wait to play around with extjs and make some nice looking dashboards
ready to learn about reverse innovation
" basketball sad " might be my new favorite phrase . thanks for that ,
we seeing you later for birthday bbq ?
nope . no bells ringin .
happy mom's day to you also !
no kidding , 6am for me is early enough . . . see you in dallas
ne portland woman gets car broken into , family mementos stolen , hoping you've seen them . photos , albums , tapes . let us know !
hahah thank you !
we are open on saturdays from 10-2 . call for an appointment or stop by if you're in the area .
2 minutes in signing with today i had an audition lined for for later on ! so great !
from capitol command center : no change on allowing protesters to spend the night tonight , elise schaffer says .
what u send me ?
aww thanks so much girl! ! every little bit will help! ! i love you!!! ! <3
: we can find new and unique ways to advance online campaigns & take them to the next level .
breaking news dies in 15 minutes
ready for to come home ! =)
go pack go!!!! ! i <3 my green & gold! ! cancelled a date to watch the game . touchdown already ! it was a good call ! he mustn't be the one . lol
i think so toowordswordswords it was very touching
you remember ?
chyeaah right . last year was your best shot , wisconsin 2-0 vs . k-state in ncaa tourney .
love your crops ! can we shoot a story on spec with your designs/styling ?
thx for our talk . #uncc's library redesign has been a hit : flexible furniture+white boards+connected study rms=inc collab&study
thanks for your message .
damn that's a drive
i know your creeping
thanks for a great balboa park commons advisory committee call today with
how fun is it to have kelly kelly as an friend
364 emails in my inbox- going for zero ! #gtd tonight is 1st nite of citizen's academy , live tweeting it from look for
come on now , your name rhymes with tons of stuff . . .
forever lives the spirit and legacy of the legendary singer and frontman of the doors , jim morrison . may u rise up in heaven . rip
that awkward moment when ur watching a movie with ur mom or dad and hardcore sexual jokes come up and hardcore nudity with a sex scene :/
slinging ink is free , but don't forget to tip your bartenders ! see you on may 8 .
had the same problem . move to the city which you want to live first . no chance not being local candidate .
i hate birthdays .
it definitely could help to get this guy's attention .
you're the best !
idcm paper- done . commence studying for 11am final
you're not gonna win everyone over anyways so you might as well just go all out and take the risk . ..looks less awkward anyways .
no , no kids , off on lovely bike ride in city park and pier , have a good night ! :)
i would have recommended just that : leave recycling on the drop off centers doorstep , then called 311 to come pick it up
so cool!! ! whats there email ?
you play in a dome sean peyton . take off your visor . . . kenny chesney looking bastard
thanx fam u do the same
these are the times when i wish i hadn't procrastinated .
for those of you who said " i wish people would celebrate jesus the way they do mj, " until i see jesus moonwalking across my tv , no deal .
persecution complex much ?
while i wait some very nice #bassnectar is pleasantly penetrating my ears . thank you
he saved our olympics and is a role model of success (personal and professional) . #slc seems to have something right .
they killen *ninjas* for for jays that's death over designer #coleworld lol
hahah no worries . i seriously stalk you all the time .
the intelligent man is one who has successfully fulfilled many accomplishments , and is yet willing to learn more
your so nice to other people iloveyouverymuch<3<3
hilarious . i saw this yesterday and posted on my fb page .
" it's worked so far but we're not out yet "
i think we should get a free for all gametype created , mabe even some 2v2 , 1v1 action
after broussard spelled ' memphis ' as ' mempis' , i completely disregard any of his sports analysis .
don't understand why people still refer to 1d are a " secret . " they haven't been a secret for like 8-10 months . . . . . . . . .
rt down load " c'est la vie " tonight and will buy you a mclobster!! ! [x_x]cdrclv
they served their purpose . maryland got everyone's attention .
i would like my mega millions winnings in troll dolls , please
this is no time where the usual is acceptable . #digdeeper !
your words mean more than words
don't rely on methods that keep you ineffective . de-program and re-program yourself to win .
whenever . you know i'm a loser . i don't do anything .
#pnba our #kickstarter & indie publishing panel w/ & tim labarge starts in 30 minutes !
something wrong with my neck ! =( it hurt so bad ! .
wow , what a great mother's day experience !
s/o to my new found best friend
oh dang !
#instantfollow good luck on your interview
in other words ,
meetings all day . ..then detroit to ft . myers . ..my skin will tramsform from edaward to jacob ,
both #goodluckeleanor and good luck el are trending . i was thinking she had medical procedure or surgery but a test ? a test ?
#southbysowhat sleeping with sirens , cartel , hellogoodbye ( : to bad pierce the veil's not on the list .
" the waltons are now collectively worth about $93 billion " / *damn* what does one say . ..that they're overtaxed . .what ?
no problem you should check out
you could spot a n-n-n-needle in a hay st-st-st-stack .
rt : as you are getting your marketing together for #mothersday - what items can you offer for daughters ?
wow . my car is dirty ! but the sticker is clean !
wordswordswords : he's being sarcastic . ..wordswordswords oh thank you christa
congrats to and kentucky . the way that team played together was something great to watch .
digging the new look over at bbk !
back on twitter
not if you're there . you make it what it is . i'll be checking out your tweets . =)
all about detroit , dallas and baltimore . . . green bay is pretty awesome too . the jets may stink all year .
best place to watch marathon for me ? harlem , no doubt about it . great .
what did the pig call a manuscript ? a shoat story .
_!-|| ! g1 certified wet tshirt contest --- friday club drama --want to get in for free ? txt me i will tell you how---214 609 3316 --
i think that's what the power switch does .
is it too late to wish a happy birthday ? i was hoping run into her and wish her in-person at tonight's screening . happy birthday !
learning tons at the researching native american tribal law workshop !
but you love the 90s .
to dance , put your hand on your heart and listen to the sound of your soul . -- luigi facciuto
it was a flop
now , he can be stranded on second for the first time in his career .
got a long day ahead of me !
nope . just saw it last year . . . and i'm in my late 30's .
this made my day ! this is sweet ! and i hope you know youre just as gorgeous on the inside and out ! wordswordswords
what doesnt kill you makes you stronger . . . wait but wht if it does kill you ?
i got 2 fast dogs .
only 15 days until fiesta !
put a grammy in that jacket!! ! congrats on the nomination . i've been listening to you guys for years .
that was a great night . congrats again man .
i hope not ! rt : are companies who use google + well , do they also send the same messaging out thru other social venues ?
christmas shopping with my mom . . . .
sunglasses required
fourth cup ! !
do you file your own tax return ? keep us in mind when filling your return !
trying to think of a different date idea ? take her " streaking " this weekend . sign up for $5 a person at www.citystreak.com
i've been playing live fr limit poker , losing , and listening to the ratm pandora channel for 6 straight hours
tokyo fans rockin ' out ! nice video , wolfy-san !
we survived to storm nicnos tonight from 9-1am !
so ima sit right here and wait for you to talk about it .
most people are pansies
anyone else wonder why your phone seems to ring longer than usual when you are ignoring it ?
kenny powers and eastbound and down : so epically awesome !
it's like i'm 7 again and the easter bunny is comingin the am . happy #walkergate !
woman who are book & street smart >
just got my butt kicked in class . i needed it .
oh i know my man . . it's a pain in the ass though and a lot of work . .
jesus culture on pandora . . .
talk about painting a picture ! got a great songwriting lesson . also , the sheep story gave me a flashback uncle's farm .
# earthday good4life care : 100% recycled bottles , made in usa within 20 miles , low waste shipping , gravity fed machines , and skylights e.t.c
reading my bible before bed is always soothing for me . :)
golden state warriors vs . chicago bulls tonight @ oracle arena in oakland starting 7:30pm
goodness , none of my friends want to go to burger and beer joint this saturday .
flash video format is often used because it works across computing platforms . final content depends on user needs , though .
thunder up wordswordswords
ha ! love the forward-promo !
aw ! haha glad it was a good dream
of course ! i mean , one of the most awesome guys ever + music + pizza ? sounds like a pretty sick night ;d
we're playin in sf at the hotel utah on the 17th
drinking a glass of cheap a$$ icehouse beer that my father bought while at work . . . don't worry i own it so i can do that! ! !
the place you are at now , i have not talk to anyone from metro in a while .
loving times square right now !
to prolong and internalize " play " externally , ad infinitum .
huh ? haha if taylor lautner goes ?
eintracht frankfurt win promotion back to #bundesliga ! go eagles! ! !
goal for tomorrow : write rough draft of paper about an intro to the profession of academic reference librarianship .
most certainly ; at least mildly healthier than everclear
ahh i'm missing out! ! make sure to join next week :)
save it for the next why would i stress it otherwise
me too !
i won a great bracelet at tonight !
tonight ! i know and maybe are comin , how bout you ?
i'm kind of in love with the weather .
yes pls ! mt : time for bars *inside* museums ?
" : earrings with an s lol " =)
i don't feel like working today anymore . ugh .
awesome ! my only fear is that i may want to keep them all . . . :)
the young man knows the rules , but the old man knows the exceptions . ~ oliver wendell holmes
sunday crusing with the fam , oldies on blast . takes me way back .
one of the best shows i've ever seen . superb . love it! ! !
discover the importance of internet marketing statistics . . .
i want a starbucks frappe .
what does fcpa stand for ? finally caught pinching the assets
it is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed .
in the early days of computers . ..we photographers and designers set up " computer rooms " in the dark - literally ! !
i hate it when the person that always makes me happy is sad . . . . i wish i could give them the same happiness that they give me .
best compliment all year comes from , who says my " hair flip mastery is entrancing . " ha!! ! thank you , megan! . . .
boss ya life up
lies , damn lies and mitt romney . . .
shortly @ #ewgreece . . . stay tuned for some cool entrepreneurial news from athens !
wow , #mancity . ..what a comeback !
and now that your rose is in bloom , a light hits the gloom on the gray . now that your rose is in bloom , a light hits the gloom on the gray .
good morning chicago . . .
just walked by someone's office and saw that they are eating 2 bags of olive garden breadsticks for lunch . . . wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
i'm part of #teambigbody what you mean ? ! lol
happy mothers day lady . stay positive and motivating . love and miss y'all . if i could sing this tweet i would lol .
use of xml 2 parliaments think akoma ntoso could be used as int'l xml standard . 7 others would use for main leg docs .
everything has been said before , but since nobody listens we have to keep going back and beginning all over again .
#imisswhen i was always on twitter over the summer reading && tweets <3
that was john lennon . i could be the walrus ;-) rt : " life is what happens when you're busy making other plans . "
doesn't fitty cent have a children's book out ?
someone speaks spannia ?
my eyes been watering all daywordswordswordsi think its tears i wont let fall forcing their way outwordswordswords
#journalism is nothing but a search for the truth in every issue , so that people can get the information they need .
currently listening to : paul masson - the name rings bells
mom:theres nothing good on pandora! , me:lets use my music . . , mom:let me guess , one direction ? lmao my mom is too good :p
- no matter how involved you are in the policy/political conversations , you need to get more involved .
i repeat what i said , only louder . ; )
nasri - i believe they have not won a trophy for many years now . you should be ashamed to say tht u were apart of tht team you #bitbeeep !
yeah its all in the past . lol i had my moments aswell but yeah its all good haha
thanks for the tip ! any other good stories ?
first time on twitter
omfg ! that's the beer i had in nyc that was so good and couldn't remember the name ! !
there aren't many movies that i enjoy watching more than once . surviving the game is one notable exception .
i have the keen ability to eff everything up
there seems to be some kinda spambot being spread through direct messages , so watch the links you open . . .
good seeing these women at the hip hop fest ! much love !
it appears denver mattress recycling is going to work & create jobs for people rebuilding lives from addiction , homelessness & prison .
this is kaitlyn sorry i got tweet limit -_- so im using my little sis account
thank you sir ! and thank you for your continued support !
#igetjealousof all the korean , chinese , and japanese monsters who seen the born this way ball
i'm weaning myself from the faceass network . using this to vent .
i want to run a full marathon before i die !
just finished lit - thanks for the rec , i thought it was good stuff . you can tell she is a poet , her prose is so lyrical .
happy , happy birthday!! ! !
#yee i've been waiting for this all day <3
during interviews many husbands insisted on staying in interviews w/vet wives- were confused interview wasnt about them
me too . just worked 13 hours and i might pass out any
onus on govt to work out how to harness energies of newly empowered citizens
saddeat funeral ever
no ! thank you for the follow !
asked an assembly of 4-6th graders why king was famous.the 1st answer i go was that " he freed the slaves".i've got that answer 2 many times
how you gone wanna watch my house but not stay on my block
i miss mi amor
been trying to sell it , but no takers or some reason .
ohh , they do . i have the jar at home to prove it man , definitely not as slimy .
lol ispeak whatever comes to my mind .
my heart is in ny with all of my friends and family going to see the ny premiere of #bluecollarboys . so #grateful for the #love and support .
jesus paid the price for us , but you have to pay your tickets lol
wonder if he's gonna make me cum tonight . . .
97 degree temps + first eskimo sighting + lots of frayed nerves at the poker table = we are in the thick of the wsop now .
yes , because i'm awake now ! :) rt : it's going to be a great show today eh ? ;)
feel better lady bug !
good luck gurl if you go to pro!! ! crazy b* tches jst do it for the win ! buh don't let it get tu yu!:)
we in this bihhhhhh
hubby works at a school where one of the girl's name is la - a . . . can you guess how it's pronounced ?
the 3 c's of life . ..choice , chance , change . you must make the choice to take the chance if you want anything to change .
so good to have a productive rehearsal!! ! gig should be fun on saturday . :)
thanks so much ! a lot of work went into the neighborhood guide . glad you like it !
wow , fielder to the tigers , just like all those reports on twitter had been saying all along
friday art walk/spring art hop is underway #inbend wordswordswords come by the shop between 6wordswordswords8 to meet our april artist , hannah keller , and see her work !
i hate weekends . all i do is work .
oh my gosh , it totally is !
i luv birds
how do you get rid of shin splints ?
super saturday . everything in bookstore on sale today 10-20% off plus more deals throughout the store . dbl punch drink gingerbread latte !
catti smith would be an excellent name for one of your new ones .
i'm the most antisocial person in this class like i don't even exist
nothing says spring like scarfing down lunch at my desk between conference calls and meetings .
omg i know . he said he was gonna follow me . he didnt though whhywhwyhwywhwywh wjithgrdusjvfgsr
hi , still hope you're working on that extension for wright . would make most of us #mets fans happy .
our 3yo daughter just told me my wine glass " has no stem . " we might drink too much wine .
so true ! !
had a really fun agent meeting this afternoon .
rt wordswordswords : windows down , sporting blue and gold attire , listening to at the #ims talking #pacers . it's may in #indy baby!wordswordswords
where would i be able to find your product here in the sd area ? thanks !
probably one of the best worst things you'll ever see in your life !
lost the ala council (oh well) but now i'm the new vice-chair of acrl's law & polisigh section ! w00t !
teen sues facebook bullies for libel
walk up to one and tell him you need his clothes , his boots , and his motorcycle .
rt : excited for the rivers crossing community church group that's leaving for guatemala tomorrow !
where are you ? i didn't find a thing in town .
getting ready for work . . . .
omg . i see stars just melted my face off ! major love !
there is nothing like a nice cold glass of coca cola .
lol i'm in india so it's my morning . wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords i'm living here for 2 months working on a tv show wordswordswords : you have to work tonight ?
i gotta make it my family deserves da better things in life . u kno it's rich! ! !
boy meets world is where it's at:)
yayyay i just realized its friday ! !
update : crash i-5 sb on the interstate bridge now blocks right & center lanes . . fire still on scene . tie up to sr-500 .
john locke's " a letter concerning tolerance "
the knot cocktails and connections 2012 event will be coming to april 25 ! #cincy #weddingvendors - it's time to network !
awesomely bad movie . excellent mst3k episode .
had a wonderful time at the annual luncheon today ! congrats to their team !
#rain was beyond amazing . fake paul winked at me twice! ! other than seeing #thebeatles , the best performance to see .
i'm seriously considering it . which is totally bizarre for me .
#raw10 my relationships are like pancakes , i like them at first but then i get sick & tired of them , i eat french toast .
love has no gender
omg marcos! ! where have you been buddy ?
well at least you both know the truth , even if you're not getting royalties for it
just got sucked into live tweet reaction to the expendables 2 trailer
we7kre about to have a huge sale ! get stoked !
it is fair to compare bud (and prefer it) versus similarly brewed and marketed labels .
if hcr gets done - all credit in the world to pelosi and reid for staying with this . especially reid who has real tough reelect this year .

i think people might want their donations back after the new " we are the world" . i think i'm going to be sick . m.j . would not allow this .
happy turkey day , tweeps ! !
cool . just checking i didn't piss you off or something .
y'all don't quit do you . he's more american than the whole lot of you obsessive obama haters . if he's canadian or kenyan idnc
i want it that way rt : tipdrill rt : what's your favorite michael jackson song ?
yo i'm fried
christina milan's daughter is beautiful .
sippin playing dominoes
rt : " excited to see what's about to happen in iowa! " is a sentence you only get to use once every 4 years . (cc : )
you should put on there " thanks " and the twitter handles that donate
i have yout number silly girl ! ( : but ill be calling you tomorrow as in wednesday
furniture shopping on 14th street and i want it all
high school girl keeps looking at me and smiling . . . .
your cheeks ? wow . ..i've never had someone say that . usually it give the eyes definition .
are you speaking today/did i miss it already ?
how was the wedding
i felt like thelma from scooby doo when i woke up from my nap . .i swear it took me at least 10 min to find my glasses omg lol
planning objective definition of #hacker theme soon . have audio material recommendations ?
#hungergames is incredible . truly impressed . nicely done #jenniferlawrence . i sincerely hope to work with u one day . you truly have a gift .
young enough to know i can , old enough to know i shouldnt , stupid enough to do it anyway .
little reverse psychology there . . .
or performed the halftime show instead of madonna rt : clint eastwood should have been mayor of detroit . . .
is obama supposed to be the daddy and congress the children ?
what a great time @ freshman formal !
i love mornings like this wordswordswords:)
sour gummy octopuses are soo good !
love when my car starter actually decides to work , i may survive the bitter cold of rochester after all !
not totally sure but . . . cameo king maybe ? or one of the hood politics joints
common sense isn't all that common .
#eatlocal today at ! rt : when food is shipped accross the country , its liable to loss some of its nutritional . . .
following back . . . thanks for following , love :)
happy new year to all ! make it a resolution to go to at least one edcamp this year .
now i'm not the best at parking but really pt cruiser 2 and 1/2 spaces !
. ..because how you reacted to that statement is fundamental to how you learn .
oreos and apple juice . . . .y.o.l.o
rt : small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises . ~ demosthenes
blogger here , looking for a nurse who's had a (relatively) easy time staying current with ceus (preferably online) .
just leaving the graves county democratic breakfast . now headed to the mayfield chamber of commerce . fancy farm is just a few hours away .
roger bart is everywhere lately and , as a psychiatrist on both .
chicken and biscuit potpie-awesome! ! !
i'm the perfect definition .
love that our circ manager is tweeting our collection move ! we're integrating multiple collections into 1 a-z call number range .
will be at tomorrow night . stop by & pick up a lip therapy for charity . . . all proceeds will go to !
i had a dream that my english teacher was gonna play videos all period as our lesson . . . #keepdreaming @ ~kristyn
we're in the research phase--and it's very interesting . how some museums are turning themselves inside out for their visitors .
are you on the edge of your chair yet ?
am returning your tweet
" nothing else matters " by metallica still gets me misty-eyed .
today the baby of artosis was born ! i'm proud to be the uncle ! :) nerdbabies tinynerds nerduncles nerdsupport nerdfamilies
coke or sprite ? diet coke all the way !
nah straight up chocolate chip pete .
i missed that too . was switching over to football
wait , gonzo hasn't matched that yet for his career .
yay for you:))
team don jr . obviously .
unfortunately i had to get them cut to save my life rt : have you been neutered , you bad boy ? :)
votes trickling in . ..in franklin co it's now 1550 against , 1233 for wville levy
dwarf-toss leagues now forming .
flight in 2 hours can we say up all night
its my birthday ! can i get a ' happy birthday kimberly ' please ! ? <3 19
uw baby . ..and ty the kids r fine
lol ! fun video !
im really not in the mood to go to school today ! who wants to play hookie with me ? lol
co-creation can be great if you have a bunch of experts . but if everyone same to start with , isn't it blind leading the blind ?
like put some headphones in or something . dang grow up
thanks for the follow !
i'm in the spd day spirit
he is just jealous .
sitting in church
the honour is all mine ! you're amazing . i feel very fortunate .
posted new video @ www.youtube.com/sportsinjurytv
we don't get spring break , just the quarter system
the weather and my almost good hair day forgot to communicate this morning . come on guys .
your belief determines your action and your action determines your results , but first you have to believe . by mark victor hansen
except that , of course , for that to make sense , i'd have to spell correctly .
r u mad at me
" no person was ever wise by chance . " - seneca
#peoplelikeus don't wait for the ship to come in ; we swim out to meet it
ginko : good ingredients , creativity on a roll at this tiny tremont restaurant
tom benson is buying the hornets . now new orleans can finally pull off that trade for lamar odom .
that's hilarious if true . rt : cuonzo in play at illinois ? only at ut . wordswordswords : cant be true , right ?
i am hooked on oprah's # life classes#entertainment . it is perfection.#talk show
austin's year 2012 !! ! !
excellent ! joins the twitter revolution ! look forward to seeing sf opera in the park with friends on 12 sept in golden gate park .
the entire cast now discussing what looks like with his shirt off
" it's never too late to be what you might have been . " - george eliot
all of the people on teen mom are absolutely disgusting
happy monday tweeps lets start the work week of with a bang !
it only comes once every 4 years . . . get ready for our one-day leap year sale on february 29th !
i will have to flip between the mets , yankees , and nhl hockey tonight .
why do people always ask questions that they already know the answer to ?
he's now at 528 .
omg ! u r didn't have any idea about my evening at all it sometimes be a nice and some very awful ! ! gosh i want that end ! !
if someone buys your kid a mr potato head it's because they don't like you . so many f@#king pieces to step on .
you said goodbye to your penny ? it has been proposed here but without success . it would seem strange . teresay
thanks for the follow , travis - link isn't working tho !
going to the city tonight ! i love ny !
i hear you- 5 yesterday , 5 tomorrow . . .
work hard , play hard
happy birthday ciri ! hope you're celebrating with lots of sweets !
good look bro this summer we goin ham ! wit da video connect we got to
" it is only with the heart that one can see rightly , what is essential is invisible to the eye . " ~ antoine de saint-exupwordswordsry
she has been with us since puppyhood . was freshly groomed today !
i desperately need a #johncusack impersonator to call my daughter on her birthday . i think she'd fall over on her cake !
quantity leads to quality .
. . . no he'd rather we just walk , ride a bike or put algae in or tanks . . .
damn i haven't tweeted in the longest ! ! imma tweet again like i used too ! !
congrats ! it's another beautiful baby boy like big brother eli !
has monkeys in his mind !
good . i was yelling at the tv , i figured phil & paul should know that . hope your crash wasn't too bad .
decisions decisions . .
so many damn things on those comm sales that i want to snag . i must control my eyes .
i compare it to a really great reception (never-ending) at a fantastic conference . but you have to circle good ppl
happy mother's day wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
shout out to the world and my goonies . . . .we might not be ready but we never say die . . .
thanks , lamont . we are indeed in dangerous times with this ultra-conservative movement that is dominating the right .
me either ( : i ' get distracted easily wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
no but its professional to make them feel as though they are . we as barbers accommodate our clients .
thanks ! hopefully we'll have a couple more #sandiego brewers on next year's list . *wink
. thanks for the mention and retweet !
constant sifting , sorting , buffeting and standing in the way of - it's hard
i thought you were at jenkintown - are you at basil's ? if so , i'll correct . i'm a nazareth alumna !
i dont think its till the 30th but don't forget , you don't wanna miss it
oh wait , they're going to throw to roddy white ?
independent , precinct & other restaurants help union sq somerville offer great amenities for new mix of residents .
davis leads 45-32 with 1:49 left in the third . too many turnovers for evergreen if it wants to pull the upset . "
thanks for the #ff ! , , , *love* to be stalked , keep spreading the word !
aw thank you so much , i love you guys too :) <3
" do you not see the logic of my plan ? " " yes , but it just seems so heartless . "
my body right now<<<
if ever on the look out for custom furniture in any benjamin moore color . please let us help . heard good things about you .
so excited to see present at #newtech tonight ! love karla !
given , movement for comprehensive #electoralreform must start w/ status quo of 2 unaccountable pol . parties & consolidated corp . media (2/3)
bmore made serious proposals for a " step mill " to force " vagrants to earn their bread by the sweat of their brows . "
awesome ! leads for shops are a huge plus , too ! hope you can get them back on this spring/summer :)
rt : " the mark of a genius - in any realm of life - is the ability to explain something that's complex in a simple way!wordswordswords
maybe the next email from the #twins will say " mauer is the 2nd best defensive catcher on the team but we pay him $23 million anyway . "
give me the wordswordswordsdislikewordswordswords button on the top bar
we got your back , beautiful ;-)
i impress people , you depress people .
hey radiowaves!! ! come support the guys of friday (7/29,6:30pm) at the ultraluxe cinema garden walk in anaheim .
taylor is going to like win so many grammys tonight ! !
#efcsrchat thanks for hosting this chat !
the whole im sorry shouldn't cut it anymore . enough ! get tough , and send a message . until then he's just going to keep it up .
whose in for a bit of sun , fresh air and spanish flair ? rt : : heading over to 20th and l street tomorrow !
free coffee today at bruegger's to benefit children's hospital . worthwhile reason for caffeine consumption . rt
great advice today re : charitable giving : engage donors in what the organization is passionate about . hm , obvious but well put
what language is this guy (griff) speaking ?
london : artists for woman for woman international charity auction at christies huge success to support woman in conflict zones .
you're not mature , you're just boring
instead of giving frazier a challenge flag , they should have just given him a towel so he could throw it in !
whatever happened to baby jane ? baby jane pulled a lebron .
grrr no coming back for easter ? what surgery is next ?
omg al jarrreau just kissed me on tv
az treating me great . love it here . what part of az in the 80's ? got here in ' 92 .
lmao . well he talked to you ! so psh . i mean he said something .
you are soo sweet ! and your twitter picture is darling ! =) and i hope one day there is world peace we can do it !
rft . wordswordswords : twitter cracks more in the night .__ . <3wordswordswords
can you give a shout out to
beggars do not envy millionaires , though of course they will envy other beggars who are more successfu - bertrand russell
shiid , probably nothin_ all i knw is that pam pose to come over . but idk wat though
i'm busy grinding its my time for god's favor it's my time 2b blessed! ! i believe in my future if i don't who will! ! !
i got an email to say you favourited my tweet ! i'm new to twitter and idk what that means but thank you ! hehee x
will you follow me please after 2,000 followers ?
a mosquito will fly miles for a good meal like mosquito-magnet-me . one stalked me inside my toilet . can't bring myself to discuss much more .
been sat working in mcdonalds all day , like a lonely loner . . .
thanks for the mentions ! have a great day !
#northcarolina the owner was not regarded as having committed a crime , because -- after all -- the slave was his property
thanks to all my friends today who made me feel better love y'all wordswordswords
can't wait to see you babe . 4 more hours
i should have been tuning into bangbros instead of that press conference . . . a lot more would have gotten accomplished .
when your " bestfriend " starts acting shady as hell<<<
lol i wanna visit u
looks like this crash on eb i-84 @ 162nd is going to be in place for awhile- left two lanes still closed- traffic now backed up to i-205
i hate buses !
when your political career is dead you should lie down , close your eyes and stop bothering people .
wrap it up wrap it up boy , while i take this robe off !
when they tell you they want you #turnon wordswordswordswordswordswords
rule number 34 to pregnancy . . . try to avoid being pregnant in the summer time . it's not even may and i'm already dying . . . 4 more months
fasho , i'm working on the beat now !
doubt seriously that paterno is allowed to continue . fball players are suspended for reasons far less severe .
rt ! excited to announce date of next #cnndialogues april 18th w/ speaking on #poverty in
what ? how ? i wasn't being mean -.-
i don't have my own dresser , but if he cleaned off the bathroom counter , i'd be elated !
unfortunately they are real .
now , when she's a teenager , you can annoy her by speaking in a glados-like voice while antagonizing her .
happy new years . . . . . . . 2012 . . . best wishes to everyone
key in the job search ! rt taking advantage of social media as a conversation rather than an announcement platform .
alright sounds easy enough , thanks :)
hell to the yeah !
setting up for some more diablo 3
wordswordswords : good morning everyone . hope you have a great day!! ! happy mother's day.wordswordswords good morning ! !
best new existence
so great to get introduced to your fiddle tonight !
having fun i see ?
had a good day with the big cousins :)
hello milwaukee ! brewers last series tonight ! and some monday night football !
well then , consider me a hells yes .
haha i belive im in the same boat
well since it's a commercial i'll finish this paper .
watched the #alayma12 awards live on the webcast today . could feel the excited tension even via pixel .
yes ! rt : totally agree " i hven't substituted conversation for connection-hve increased former through later
wow thanks ! im sure appreciates that too .
before i was married , i had a hundred theories about raising children and no children . now , i have three children and no theories .
was gonna read the news on #mayday but was distracted by the promoted story about and the #smiths . . . the commies can wait !
i know i listen to some ' bad ' music according to some . ..but when you portray jesus as some rock singing weirdo , i will be offended
7-3 , orton really showed those broncos what they are missing
i love metaphor the way some people love junk food .
ouch . all of is down .
u r a much needed reminder of natural selection . . . .nature chose u to be gay because the world does not need ur offspring(s) running around
where u at ma ?
like a fish !
oh yeah , that 1 trig problem . . . .>.<
so i was thinking if your a human that has a beer belly or is over weight & you were turned into a vampire would you stay like that ?
many foundations , including many in nj , are required by their charters to fund in specific locations .
what's important ? " families value creativity , safe spaces , social experiences , creating memories " fling : a museum research report
answering the same question 5 times ? create a resource where answer can be posted and point them there .
it's not right , but its okay i'm gonna make it anyway .
driving home during floodish weather:// ( :
i'll admit it : i found my first trip to chambana terrifying . [+]
the message spoke right to my heart . thanks for being so obedient to holy spirit.not usually home sunday mornings to hear you .
baruj benacerraf , venezuelan immunologist , won the 1980 nobel prize in medicine for discovery of the major histocompatibility complex genes .
i spent the evening balancing my checkbook . much more excititng than #bcs . :-)
1 week until dirty work !
=[ i dont get cell service at my house , and my ipod doesnt get calls , if i gave you my home phone and you call and my mom
kendra wilkinson & her two favorite boys go tree hunting kendra wilkinson-baskett , hubby hank and son hank jr . got into the holiday spiri
haha it was a fun night ended a lil soon , but fun ! haha
due to the occupy protesters & other ppl protesting nato . they said red cross and fema are on standby to evacuate the entire city
get your pet fixed the low-cost way ! the spay neuter clinic offers a variety of pet services at affordable prices . spaying or neutering . . .
i'm not davey wavey and i approve of that message !
not yet about what ?
hugh how much did u love avengers ?
the thirst and gay ppl .
such a great group ! rt : so proud of my students--five dsa awards and freshman of the year !
do not give up , the beginning is always the hardest . speak the truth , even if your voice shakes .
i did ! thank you , lovely :) this place is pretty fantastic . how are you ? it's ' bout time to schedule another catchup !
excited for my first #hfchat ! i am a recruiter looking to network and help recent grads with their #jobsearch !
it's a crime that beiber was not involved in this halftime show .
i say that last part to people on the streets
oil jumps 2.5% to highest level in 9 months . . .
when is he due ?
dumbest thing ever : " favourite band ? idk , lady gaga or like , anything hipster . " omfg
that's like orton saying the broncos will win the afc west and be in the conference championship . ..not happening !
also , congratulations to all the runners in the pittsburgh marathon . beautiful day for it i see , wish i could have been there .
looks good in his skivvies , i don't think he should give away mike chiesa's best moves - bad form
ok . be well
#spotonanalysis rt my wife , walking by the tv and seeing the score : " idiots . " bk
but the doc teaches us that " elmo is pure love "
rt can you help me lose my nocal accent when i'm in l.a . ? or , is it better to sound imported ? --> imported , of course ! ;-)
nasty heartburn . how to get rid of it ?
you'll get there in your own time .
lol , i can't wait ! :-) i'm going to go home and do some " research " so i can add to the awesome commentary .
josh you need annette to draw your pills
great discussion in #ccom2000 about issues and crisis management this morning
excellent to raise ; i agree w/ clare- in my field (bioanthro) , small world ; " cited-now-blurbing " at times inevitable
good morning :)
share us with your followers!!! ! !
did it work ?
i hate ugly fat nosey women who stare at me
nonsense " patriots " thought the gop budget was too progressive , but you think the dems would present a more conservative budget ?
no one cares what i'm doing everyday so why act like they do by tweeting it haha thanks for the twitter blast tho homie
i need to have me some fun this weekend
humanity is an ocean ; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty , the ocean does not become dirty . -gandhi
is #l14 an amusing failure or an amazingly successful run ? i can't decide .
#iupcfallconcert hey lupe and girl talk! ! :) shout out to warner patterson!! ! :) ear eagle!! ! :)
haha no stop insulting me you freak show
and now sounds check with unreal
mondays can suck it
he's looking at the camera like he knows he's making the entire nation jealous because they are not sucking his hot mom's tit .
headed to cma music festival at lp field .
so , did you create your account already ?
tonight- sol caribe goes on from 7-11 pm at
rt : the drag queen was the mother.// i will never be forgiven .
love that sends me an email with the gate info for my connecting flight . i know exactly where to go when i deplane
don't we all know it ! and thx for rt :)
i don't give a f . kobe knows he's good and he plays like it . that's the way to be .
early light of morning & i'm buzzed on kombucha . great way to start the day . =)
just remind yourself that in less than two months we'll be on vacation together wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
you wish you were baller .
lemon basal thyme gingr chicken , lemon honey butter balsamic glaze petit red potatoes n broccoli parmesean parsley roasted
sitting at top of the east in portland , me enjoying a cocktail and the foggy view .
torture didn't find bin laden , the navy seals found him under presobama's orders to do so . he kept his promise to find him--thank you , pbo !
white power ! rt : white power , huh ? rt : white power sent to espn mail facility ; employees being decontaminated
but i love you .
welcome to deus beni productions , where image is everything n perception defines reality . music videos , short films (editing) , photo's
2nite 7-9 bryant park myron walden momentum features on trumpet in lineage of masters but unmistakably himself
visualization strategy that can be used in public speaking wordswordswordswordswordswordsthird , close your eyes and imagine the audience listening and applauding.wordswordswords
are you coming to the media event 4/28 , peabody , orlando ?
its a big concert with lots of celebs :]
stop by 5440 ! rt : it's #firstfriday and #gagi ! let the fun begin !
thanks for the support ! !
just finished walking the dog , fixin to get started this day . busy day today . no sweat
i never really thought about my job at a stable and myself being a brony as coincidental or weird . just two things that hppnd tht dont cnnct
adam yauch , you will truly be missed . i loved the beastie boys from the very beginning .
it is a terrible thing to see and have no vision
lol i started stalking you when i first got it and i was like " really she can't follow me back " haha
just got back from occupy & am in my warm house , with now dry clothes & get to sleep in a warm , dry bed . i am grateful for what i have .
can't wait to see the video from the launch party . ..gonna be sexy !
we're covering the supreme court recount today . anyone planning to volunteer or observe ?
lives and learns
in #qnt550 class this week , we use the american community survey to look at ky population , education , income . it's important !
cause of the dm's ?
going for a new iphone today! ! wish me luck ;)
just bought #audiotorium and it crashes when audio bookmarks are selected . defeats purpose of app . please fix a.s.a.p . wordswordswords
can you follow or tweet me ? <3
follow back please : d
people will put anything online .
let us know what you thought . thanks for supporting and giving us your time
you seriously need to tweet more . . .
" however fast you think things might change , they will change 10 times faster . " - gary shenk ceo , corbis corporation
seriously , i'm afraid he's gonna lead an expedition to the field museum any time nowwordswordswords i know he has crowbars . . .
who has midnight tickets for the hunger games premiere ? we won't name the names of who has them in our office . [raises hand]
follow your sons toe please ? ;d
who wants a #ff ! ?
thanks for including me as a book babe ! and thank you for being one of the smartest & interestingest tweeps i follow :) .
thanks for the follow
staying up until midnight is worth it for music
soccer games can be the most boring things ever .
up and at it early . . . .good friends kid has first communion and then a party . . . ..church on saturday and i'll be drinking early .
i'm really tired
add a little medical marajauna to your brownies and you will get your dairy your greens and your carbs and an open mind
put it in the books ! congrats d-wright on becoming the #mets all time rbi leader
bach melodies music to seski's ears . bring seski calm before tomorrow storm . (big seski feet tired!)
cant wait to see new moon !
come to xy
pssshhh totally has better hair !
francis edwards~ alls fair in love and war .
how do you measure the success of your events ? i hope it is not only in numbers .
proud of the kids who wrote directed an produces their own musical ! had a great performance today ! props i band hour and strings too .
#medeco training class - 2nd question : what type of patent does the #medeco3 design have , and when does it expire ?
adding some cool things to my ning networks- you can sign in using google , facebook and add all the nings to seesmic desktop! ! i'm such a g
chet millard : all workers deserve the freedoms to be in a union and collectively bargain .
thanks for the current royalty distribution !
i think michael kors has become a tangerine
moms said don't laugh at a joke to fast cuz u might be the punchline
first . having a revenue model does not automatically imply enterprise . it is people trying to innovate without selling out users .
the books that taught us about sex
i feel ya
djslym : i'm gonna have lil scrappy in town soon doing features with indie artist . if u interested please hit me up . serious artist only fwd
follow me on twitter
yeah . ..he fits in a lot of places since he can catch the deep ball as well as anyone
but have you noticed that the heat haven't gotten anything from the transition game ?
anyone having luck finding decent tickets to the games in #catlanta ?
can't wait for y'all to see these grip tv interviews ! s/o for do her thing !
congrats on getting your tickets ! be on the lookout for redd !
i just might my left calf is killing me .
lol don't need the tee if i don't have the shoes i know it's big but makes for a nice free gift
he had good cars to win!! . . no question about it ! !
aww ! what a good mummy . :)
$680 worth of suits ! yeah , you can say i'll be lookin ' good ! haha
yeah thats a well needed mute . ..thats the worst shift lol
lazy friday flow
i'm sorry . ferris never would have sold out . and he for damn sure wouldn't be driving a cr-v . go watch the movie again , people .
finally home from a double shift !
just got a delicious nutella , banana , and whipped cream waffle from a great #dc company , the food truck! ! near #au today !
so i'm gonna kill ! you know he's gonna do it too ! :p
this substitute teacher has lost her mind!! ! and i'm about to help her find it
i am back in the office today .
to the degree we can live without the things of this world , to that degree we are wealthy . -peter mcwilliams
thanks for following !
so proud of you ! way to represent our great #okstate !
traveling using smooth operator for a gr8t buffed,shiny , healthy , natural nail look !
i know :( jake visits him 2 times a year so hopefully there will be one soon !
references to that movie were banned 2 days ago .
we have a winner , it's you ! big bad bill is your dancer , congrats . rt wordswordswords : wait . . . who's the dancer ? wordswordswords
#ff band members follow us we will follow back !
is that george clooney's daughter ?
#ltbroadcasts " the project now is to revive that old nicaragua idea and build a water route from the atlantic to the pacific " (3/4/31)
my knees on ten tho
i wish you could join us . we haven't seen you in ages and we miss you . any plans to come to boston or sf ?
i need to travel . .
seriously considering using the refund i got for the blink show and just buying a ticket to bamboozle and road tripping it anyway
4/1/1789->w . hartshorne:nothing would be more painful to me than to be the innocent cause of distress/injury to any individual of my country
awesome ! can't wait to see it !
if i meet him it would be amazing if i meet robert too but i cant kiss him like u did in the picture lol
wait so theyre not working on a song together ?
i left when you did
it was great meeting heather last night . hope she enjoyed it . she was truly a big help to the production team !
geometry is for squares . . . see what i did there ? :-)
so true !
i'm sick of the sleepless , never ending nights . i just don't car who's wrong or right . . . #sickofyou by
when u turn all the lights of in ur house and ur at the bottom of the stairs (first reaction) run like hell
yesterday i had the pleasure meeting carl carlton while shooting a doc for pbs . he's most famous for " she's a bad mama jama!" . love it !
:) that's sweet of you , thanks . ..just been one of those weeks . i'm ready for summer really lol
amen ! " choosing a donor database often seems like a game of pin the tail on the donkey . "
" : if you see someone on #mbta #tracks , say something ! call us 6172221212 . your call may save a life! "
and #ncis and too all ncis fanatics out in the west coast you need to watch tonights episode most definite
tv station promoting the video i'm doing geting people to be in it i hope no creepy people show up >.<
does anyone even realize i'm online . . ?
seriously my fave halloween movie is hocus pocus . ..for years now . (that's about as scary as i go lol)
porn on an iphone is like eating supper with only a toothpick .
get it! ! haha
give #god a glorious #praise for everything he has done for you ! with out him we are nothing !
isn't it though ? course she was just " miz betts " to me then !
situation brings up the issue : who is responsible when a library's user violates the tos ?
confining pigs in crates stirs complaint from humane society
thank you so much for everything today! ! loved it and all the food :) awesome party planner!! ! see you tomorrow !
wow ! what a season (thankfully not series) finale . tonight made me a fan for a lifetime !
thanks for the write up on grounded in music !
love this night
idk even what i just retweeted
before i die , i want to meet and wordswordswords
oh i'm on my phone , i can't see that . d :
cowley says website shows deal between swim body and d&#39;arcy
had a great time at vanessie saturday . we'll be back in santa fe real soon . have a great week , friends !
just listened to it . ..totally awesome !
cdc clears delta flight from detroit after suspected case of monkeypox ruled out - detroit free press
im 21 with a kid
thanks ! we havent sponsored any events yet but we would consider it if it was the right opportunity . .
yeah , disappointing . but kind of unsurprising . and it strengthens my resolve on the home front .
we'll be tweeting from #theacmg meeting in charlotte later this week !
what types of courses work better online and why ?
i love how i met your mother . slap bet slapsgiving . .is . .legen wait for it and i hope your not lactose intolerant . .dary .
rt : kudos to for winning publisher's " make rochester great award " for volunteer work in #roc . // yay todd !
thank youwordswordswordsthat would be awesome ! thanks for sharing me with your peeps :)
just a reminder : in approximately 15 hours you'll be waking up and it will be
the things you find under your bed>>>>> like i didn't even know i owned that !
i saw that happen before and the girl beat the crap out of the dude with a radio antenna .
drinking beer by myself .
hey . be sure to follow next weeks tweets as i post tips on what to do post-surgery #nutrition #properhealing and much more !
thanks for the follow and best wishes with your novel !
i have an android . . . . .
this nfl pro bowl is a joke ! half ass running , this is way worse than the nhl all-star game .
next on the high brour ? bg's take on " mature weddings " and tj recounts his adventure to meet !
i am not an ornithologist . your argument is invalid .
holy cow , that hotel looks amazing .
thanks for listing ; we're more local than less without a doubt ! enjoy your station very much
i know you've been told to never say never . both of us remix
playing with my new fascinate
omg are they really ? i would love to work for them !
ok i'll unfollow n block some folks tonight . i'm too happy right now deal with drama .
let me think . . . . . ..nothing really , instead of wasting people time its nothing.lol
#ff next week at !
probably the most sleep deprived i've been . what a week this has been/will be . exciting but stressfull .
tickets purchased ! you bet !
were you aware of fact is on twitter ? yeah buddy . ..miss you :) see you at tasha's wedding ?
thx 4 the follow ! hope u enjoyed #ism2012 and everything charm city had to offer you !
exciting things are happening in 2012 =d
so glad my puppies are on the mend .
bwahaha you are kidding right ?
girl i missed it too!!! ! what is this craziness ? ! ?
crazy weekend and still haven't recovered lol!! ! !
newgrange passage tomb in county meath was constructed around 3200 bc making it more than 600 years older than the giza pyramids in egypt .
josh hamilton's 4 hr's reminds me of the good ol days with when mike cameron did it in ' 02
someone just told me this : time+ observation=wisdom
this is awesome ! thank you both! ! i have a ton of new photos to work on too - keep following for sneak peeks
we love you erin ! thanks so much for the support ! <3
finally reported #occupywallstreet but claimed we have " no ideas " favored bloomberg's position . maybe break up banks ? regulation ?
rt i'm head over heels for you , what the hell am i suppose to do .
needs to be worn at a pyp show . oh wait . . .
much thanks to who constructed my awesome clothing combination today ! :)
for the those of us who witnessed , & lost family & friends , justice has been served .
my movie , blue streak is on ( :
please pick me ! ? ! c :
for sure ! you won't be rid of the likes of me my friend .
i'm now following on here , tumblr , and instagram . . . crazy huh lol
so sleepy
at an amazing lynyrd skynyrd concert!!! ! thanks cooper vision and vision source for the amazing experience !
i grew up with a #mother that taught me to #believe in me !
thanks ! yes a link will be up shortly . we'll be sure to tweet it out .
i love doing plays set in the 1970s . . . i get to listen to the best music !
game 1 watch party tonight come #thunderup ! !
#twitter , please do something about these spanners .
due to a severe snow storm , charles river apparel will be closed today (wednesday 1/12/11) .
i love fizzy family <3 follow me please ? { :
i automatically loose a little respect for guys i know , when i see them liking pictures of girls half naked on facebook . .
do not give your attention to what others do or fail to do ; give it to what you do or fail to do . dhammapada
so he's definitely calling little spoon ?
maybe we should re-evaluate how mental illness is identified and treated vs blaming political rhetoric for when sick people do sick things
rt : and incest isn't a great genetic strategy ! > yeah , was a problem for the pharaohs ! (how are you ? )
rt re : shane doan . once in a while in this hard world , good things happen to good people .
not leaving your house because of snow hate .
rt i get on a beat in snap like im singing acapellas-los
on the wii ?
if i was your girlfriend , iwordswordswordsd never let you go <3
wordswordswords thank you . i've been asking everyone . about the third r .
you smiled , and then the spell was cast .
act'n like a whore don't mean no never . . . cb3
i wonder if im touching money that someone famous has touched . . . . .
i understand ;)
wordswordswords : miami should get rid of chalmers nd pick up allen iverson!!wordswordswordsi would be a heat fan then
is there a chance they might ? because people are saying they are :c
thank you dolls! ! wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
dark shadows was really good ! i love tim burton movies<33
rode 8.6 mi on route ' home to work plus some' , in 44 mins (avg : 11.73 mph) on my 2009 gary fisher bike .
ur the best !
be sure to archive all of your events ! you never know when something will go viral . great advice from paul holdengraber .
watching juno on a rainy day makes me happy( :
get outta here ! hahaha
size 12 is not fat is a blast to read .
i have a full weekend when they are going but i'll be out there the following weekend for debauchery
im still smoking . .
wordswordswords : " we live in a fantasy world , a world of illusion . the great task in life is to find reality . " wordswordswords iris murdoch #lovescopes wordswordswordswordswordswords
check out our new track " sweet sleep " featuring mellysa marie . . on sale online this thursday !
john hamm is pretty enough to be a lady . -sarah mowrey
you're welcome & thank you !
in south iraq
guess we going to have to wait for the season haha still
no eating the badge ! of course snack time . :)
#drakesongsilove . how many fans know that music is getting stale ? they all sound the same to me we need to hear something new .
#23 glorious sunset on the gulf - pass christian , ms
not even in my class though . i'm in shay shay class
what's the craziest thing you've ever done ?
awe imma go crazy if she die or my momma
tough break . but an .85 is stout for your second race back .
it'll be even more attractive with you as the godmother . js .
. ..mobile happens @ 12cents and hour . any other lead generation tools cannot be any cheaper . text jireh70 to 77950
hi twitter fam ! its been a while but im back at least 4 the moment . gdmorning everybody!! ! :)
dress me as if your life depended on it .
paul cebar was great
#weather bluefield , west virginia weather : : 48f fair
ironically going to go home and read more articles about how latina lawyers tend to feel isolated : attempting to meet both professional and
i just love our black women and i never look at them in a negative way they are the definition of strong but i hate ratchets .
#reggae in the office is just plain torture ! makes me want to be on an island with a drink !
haha . . . .ok , well fine . do you always follow mom's orders ? gotta respect that unwavering faith !
what ? say it isn't so .
god is enough for me .
went 2 this major model agency open call 2day , only to slaughter this girl i hate .
" : the " mfa to art star " system is long dead . you need not be an mfa to succeed in the art world . " fingers crossed .
anytime ! cool products .
i fall asleep every night&wake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me . but yet nothing has happened . .)' : 2
when ' s schedule update function isn't working , it really makes me sad .
new minnesota helmet design has been released !
haven't twit in a hot lil min . sitting on the side of the pool in vegas . miss the west coast alil ;) heat is playin no joke out here
i have it but i've never watched it
well i'm familiar w/ the anger .
i loved scott adams games but , honestly i never played them more than 10 minutes . go north , go north , look around . . . .
ha ! another mention for taco bell : - rt craving taco bell , i want that doritos burrito again !
wordswordswords : i can finally hashtag with out getting hated .
what an awesome boss ! rt the boss bought em .
know your fm transmitter | articleshub6.in
i don't pay attention until the day of the game . who are we playing ?
tired . been up for almost 24 hrs !
i agree
u be thinking like dat 2 , u cant even lie . . lol
happy international women's day !
yea ! got my copy of dame philology's charrette wordswordswords brings back memories
#timeforbed just after my favorite show . . .
have fun ;p
launch party this thursday with enlightened grain spirits , 2face-art by lucianne , and candy's cake pops . ..are you on the list ?
" when you fall for someone's personality everything about them becomes beautiful "
where have you been i havnt seen your tweets anymore!! ! !
today we passed 99,500 visitors since our 2008 opening . we look forward to celebrating our 100,00th visitor , who'll get a special prize !
wordswordswords : " christ beside me , christ before me , christ behind me , christ within me , christ beneath me , christ above me . " - st . patrickwordswordswords
#turcozydatingtip a gentleman always takes his corpse out for a delicious gluten-free seafood dinner before jumping in the sack .
yo . if you have any of those left over , i'll take one .
he did pardon not one , but two turkeys one thanksgiving . that's something .
back at my middle school almamater . .
rt fly safe ! xoxo i miss you already !
oh yea its #friday guess what
i just have my ticket on paypal , you can see the link on the page
" i believe in the power of the student "
i feel like i'm on my death bed
totally false that ann romney didn't have job--all those nannies , gardeners , cooks , drivers , in all those houses--if mitt let her have say
stuart-paul praised the victims for their service , thanked nearby parish for help . there will be a service here at st . peter's tonight at 6
working with my 8 yr old on her " dinorama" . she's writing her report on the #ankylosaurus while i'm wrapping the shoe box .
you thought i was just going to be easy when you asked me to be your accountability partner , you were wrong . . . . .
batman beyond series will be great ! yeah terry !
get out of my stadium you angel fan . . .
rage to have team meeting that lays out everything in feb . stay tuned for date and location
rt bears and sharks are scary , but w/ the stork's ability to bring you a random baby , it has to be the most terrifying animal
many thanks , carole and thank you for your early support of bent road .
thanks so much for the rt !
thx to all of you for the #ff today . always appreciated .
this saturday : butterscotch baby will be vending at the indoor urban market held at on the 2nd flr atrium 10-3pm
oh . . . :*( i should have known you would know ! :-) lol
i may or may not write a song today . it may or may not be in spanish .
lmao yes i am excited ! he is just so amazing !
yeah true
its feb 13th ,
when ya sit on them ?
thanks for the rt . is the citizen widely followed in south africa ? we don't know much about it .
what hospital waiting room doesn't have magazines ? what am i supposed to read ?
embedded librarians , as in managing data in the field with researchers or other data creators ?
@ jackie cooper nissan
you can feel the momentum changing at #msg as the first period ends .
going for gold . . . bringing it all home !
rt will there be an event during the #2012bbc in dallas in sept ? i'd love to join ! < not planned right now .
the combination of #dahvievanity and ' s voices is like an orgasm in my ear ;3
wow ! the king of pop dead at 50 ! what a loss of an incredibly talented american icon ! rip michael jackson !
looking forward to the indiana artisan weekend ! i'll be there on sunday .
indeed & in age of flexible schedules , having a dedicated line helps you know when it's ok to call .
i said yes because i thought i still liked you .
now i know i like you!! ! !
enjoyed the #boston , now time for #summer camp sign up for the
#marchmadess is in full swing ! join us tonight as the ohio state buckeyes take on the kansas jayhawks !
hell yeah , i'll be looking forward to it
i absoultly love your videos
i'm agree with you like 1000000000000000%
i wonder if this will still be a story if it turns out most of those 2000 come from the cuban community ?
wordswordswordsremember , the greatest gift is not found in a store nor under a tree , but in the hearts of true friends.wordswordswords
i'm loving my case! ! !
thanks for following ! looking forward to seeing you !
we are thinking about running more specials this summer . what dental special would you like to see from us ?
sure lol i haven't been on in forever though haha
nice my man was about time:-))
wished my dad happy fathers day and lamented about the big 12
hey what's everybody been up to tonight
ur student visa app will be in mylearn account once you've made second payment . no worries , plenty of time to apply for visa !
it's funny though
good morning y'all !
and i'll go back to sleep and wake back up around noon . ..like clockwork
coach ryan's first question . . . ' lemme see your feet son '
what a betting menu today ?
pls god let that last tweet from mean he's about to start an insane kim jong il rant . ..it's been way too long .
yesterday . go there and ask the girls . rumor has that he was " on a project" . wonder if it's restaurant impossible in rdg! ! !
i did already ! i said , " omg , do you know carey ? " one of your friends said that your sons went to school together . small world .
on svu ! what a great surprise !
i think nicki & nas could make a great couple wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
always! ! see you next week .
z o u
pre-register online now for " we are made of stuff " at the centre township branch on january 26th at 6pm . call 251-3700 for more information .
awesome thanks :)
sounds good !
i'm in total sympathy . truly . sorry that there's always the inevitable cause-and-effect in whatever choices we make .
wait on beat
wordswordswords : romney's victory speech : " i love american democracy . i'm good friends with the owners of it."wordswordswords
proposal on the business case for
this friday,after meredith's power yoga class in midtown,we will celebrate happy hour at salumeria w/ $2 peroni , $3 wine & free bruschettas !
thank you for following our brand new twitter account . website launch coming shortly . we invite your followers to follow us
what apartment fool ? !
i really wish this rain delay would end soon because i'm sick of hearing about the #redsox and terry francona .
omg , yes i am . i'm actually like very fat . wait till you see me . my stomachs so big & gross . eh !
that was our first phdeets tweet ! from jenny simon . she went over 125 characters , but she gets a pass for going first . ps : 125 or less ! !
" arenas : no . people come up to me and have a conversation with me , especially at the ymca , where i do spin class in the mornings . "
i'm going with and of course were camping . wanna join us ?
rt : lol chillin over here . like the new avi >> thanks ! it's old now though;-)
val's work really rocks . her diss has been picked up as a book by uc press already :)
hope everyone has a great weekend ! i'll be spending some time in my art room , i love cutting glass lol ;)
my goal is to hit it and hit it and hit it till my 21st birthday . it's my gift to myself .
if you're #inhighschool -
i have literally done that . programming has its highs and lows .
did you get your hair done yet ?
cannot wait to go to #chelseapiers with my girls:-) want to try rock climbing for me n my teen daughter . gymnastics for my 4yr old .
you guyz just made my day bc i didnt actually think tht you were gonna see me tweet . :d i feel so happy lol <3
dani , do you assume a man is gay if he eats one of those items listed ?
all night , have been drinking shots while watching #oscars every time i hear the name
i didn't see u today . . .
forgot we are outside at gellar tonight , our game is at 830 .
rt : radical = saying/doing things that need to be said/done when they need to be said/done regardless of consequence
thanks for the mention ! we really appreciate it !
darn ! i can't make it to ny that day . i do hope to see the huffpost books team soon .
so its my birthdayz todae . .so far great , well cuz i'm alive . .lol but cant wait going to see a show laterr on ^_^
i want to see his transcript and his birth certificate . . . .
his poetry was occasionally odd -- was he really trying to converse with his chair ? -- but his tunes could move one to tears
hey;))i love u and my birthday is tomarrow and i want u to make a private call to me.812-679-1479
potential booking for a neighborhood festival . hey , we play all kinds of shows , we're not shy .
i feel the same way about the internet . but i can't figure out how to get its sticky tentacles off my ankle .
energetic 2 days of training @ clark security this week . #medeco & #keymarkx4 classes were packed ! awesome seeing there !
lost 1.8 pounds since his last weigh-in ! he's lost 10 pounds so far .
its always sunny ther . . . ..i used to live there and i recently went bck for spring break . ..u need to go to matsumoto's shave ice :-)
#3wordsofadvice love everyone , always
government needs to let the market govern it's self and quit sticking their nose where it doesn't belong .
i aint throwing no subs
time to do this! ! bring your a game
bout to go up here n vote
coffee , eggs , re-cap in anticipation for tonight
what's up ? texas any time soon ?
new song coming tomorrow! ! turning tables ft . adele
all of this spam! ! get away from me !
you're talking about the thing prequel , methinks .
lets get it rt : and i need some wreckless ass fun in my life .
that you for the tweet ryan , we really appreciate it . hope all is well in san antonio , i love the riverwalk there !
missing a night w/ shop jeen team cusp event tonite ! #midterms are ruining my life .
i would love this . i am home with the exception of three days until 5/21 . let's make this happen ! !
why is he out ?
you can't make a great play unless you do it first in practice.-- chuck noll
sorry - we thought we were following . . . oops !
14 goals last night = more baskets than had in the first half let's go hoyas ! pick it up .
we here !
however , once purchased , program is ours . a product in a store is not mine until i purchase it
oh thanks . that's music to my ears !
where did i put that hand sanitizer ?
i did . . . .started reading and the next thing i know it was after 10 . >:|
even on a stool i wasn't tall enough to get several rows of folks . :(
follow my sisssssssy ( ;
suddenly we get an email from the halfacre guys about a tour . the timing is suspicious . i think it's all jealousy re : :)
i am annoyed from head to toe .
thinking about you ! i took care of my mom on catheter and i know what a pain it is . hoping for best case diagnosis for you , xoxo
trivia about math . i want to feel terrible about my tendency to forget everything i ever knew involving numbers .
thanks man ! appreciate it
but here i am partaking in it all *sigh*
maybe i'm dumb for makin you cum !
friday's episode will be themed with 90's alternative rock . got a request that fits in this category ? reply or use
shout out to the man who stepped in front of my car at the stop light and did a swallow the disappearing cigarette magic trick .
lots of injuries screwing up teams up .
what now
handsome . . . old and played out . it's all about dinosaurs now !
that would be great . i would go if i could .
did you know there is an atheist convention ?
austin is so cute in his new interview :)
big game tomorrow !
we are anonymous , we are not going to forget , we are not going to forgive , we are not going away . occupy america !
finally got our power back after 9 days ! i love electricity !
is it just me or is one of the best
#ifihadasuperpower i'd smite people like jesus & other powerful men of his time . then unleash my rage on kfc for making americans fat& nast
roses are red , violets are blue , i have 5 fingers , the middle one's for you !
dq doesn't deliver , but does . . .
when my mind is at peace , i am receptive to the inspiration of the christ within , and i find a way out of every difficulty .
ah my facebook is linked :s x
excited to see you this morning after reports from ;-)
the smile your boyfriend puts on your face even if he isn't there with you<3 i love it<3 wordswordswordslexxwordswordswords
hey co ro simpswordswords what's up ?
ten drunk people
your very welcome!!!:))
don't wake up at seventy years old sighing over what you should have tried . just do it , be willing to fail , and at least you gave it a shot
are you gonna kiss me or not , good song haha
friday night is our cd release party at the 9pm
yes absolutely !
now that basketball is over i've caught up on #missing . is the anthony davis of ex-cia operatives !
so true" : no kid should need $10,000 a month to live smh . . . .child support for folks with money is crazy!!!! "
aww , this next serial is the last one with leela . . . i liked her .
2 daywriting session with a platininum writer hope to emerge with a future smash!! ! follow my new company offical venice crew twit
sorry to say , but i have to miss today's #edchatsa . i'll check in on the discussion later .
climbing the web of success with html5
what do you hear about drogba to la ?
i only listened b/c i keep being made to wonder if i've missed something ! lol-her look is even *less* interesting to me .
va beach ? omg you must be freezing . i so badly miss the beach .
good point , i really like woodson maybe he can make a difference . we will see
we never really grow up , we only learn how to act in public .
titanic = best movie ever<3
sounded awful via five live . almost comical how banterous people get about derbies in sheffield though .
yes he is more than able! ! !
yeah and that may be the only hit he gets
i called shotgun in the van for our ecology field trip and i'm making them listen to no doubt wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
rooting for the orange even though i don't have them to win the whole shebang .
the purpose of life is to enjoy every moment .
. .hey . .i miss you . ..what you been up to ?
there comes a moment when it's more than just a game , and you either take that step forward or turn around and walk away
absolutely ! we should chat before you leave mawordswordswordswe're in the boston area .
steve harvey is playing atomic dog ! roo to the bruuuuuuuhz! ! !
#notfornothin ronnie davis should pay his taxes . . . but do keep in mind he made the east end a place to be and it's kept downtown alive .
i haven't ever been so excited (no homo) about a rapper dropping an album before . . . .hurry up and drop that son! ! !
slumlord studios hoping to get a review & radio airplay on the ripple effect ! post on their wall to request big moose da pro .
evening news is where they begin with ' good evening' , and then proceed to tell you why it isn't .
long , rockin weekend . back to the grind at midnight .
loved ! : rt if you're seeing right now !
not happy with and the new fees for debit cards . i will most likely be taking my business elsewhere very soon .
love the voice !
welcome the north american fighting championship to twitter! ! milw debut sat april 3 @ wi state fair park . ufc & wec vets battle wi's best .
i was eatin some chicken n i was tryin to break the half n when i did the bone flung out my hand n hit my bf : )
imagination is more important than knowledge .
great #budweiser spot featuring patriotism (also via #chrysler) .
what's one thing you will do/take away ? what commitment will you make for change ?
anyone who likes the nfl draft , follow . . . great coverage and they announce the picks faster than anyone , including espn
happy mothers day ! wordswordswordswordswordswords
loving the purple mountains this morning !
haha , i'll always will be ;)
i have an audition for kfc today . . . do you think it's a sign ?
wordswordswords : saturday class with our students . the collective energy of these young people flame my hope for humanity.wordswordswords
omg so like im in class and followed me :d best day ever wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
on my couch . ..where you at
enchanting ! a red fox living under the pecans on site of old mental health center .
great meeting you at #shecon and hanging with you at the after parties . please keep in touch and let's brainstorm sometime
thanks for the #ff mention! ! !
this scale is so off balance ! idk how to make it even !
jordan hill >>
you know i'd rather be covered in spray paint . that would make me more colorful . . . . . . .
work in the executive offices for a professional sports team .
researchers develop system to help prevent construction accidents and materials falling from buildings
we got this tonight . i got a class for my masters so you better be tweeting . i need you as my eyes on the game !
liar ? " i've got to take a break , to be honest . i'm not even going to lie . " - puff daddy
after a long day of snafus , twists , & turns , i think all of the bugs are worked out and " 3 christmas wishes " is officially on sale . . .
so over it .
omg . a one time only suprise for the 19th . hope this goes through .
u can neva be 2 positive !
and the cutest thing in the world
on my to s.i for a meeting now .
: he's too adorable! ! can i borrow him for a few days ? o:-)
lebron needs some rest .
that was a fun time though . . the second day at least lol . . and sounds like a good idea to me !
no female want somethin dats gonna tickle dem " i dont "
school needs to be over
always getting logged out ? tip : you can extend your session time under the tools menu> my profile> display options
about time to go after stanley ! !
what happened to your blogspot ?
good win wvu
will do ed!! ! thanks for supporting #teamsantana ! !
fasho . .nothings gone come to you sittin on ya ass
the holidays are here ! i'm thinkin everyone is going to need a lil lush confections for parties/gifts this year !
if your poloman is on da right side of ur shirt , you are not pimpinn
#nevertrust big government .
cute ass ;)
yup im done tryin
alticast partners with brightcove to expand television outside the living room
hip hip hooray to the gov doc !
wine , art , travel-3 great reasons to follow athena #studyabroad alum & friend ! rt : i want to be #follow ed
yes i know jason crouch . looking forward to your tweets !
who here hasn't had enough cinco de mayo ? let it be heard .
woohoo ! caps beat the rangers ! game 7 here we come . cc :
getting ready for crabtree !
haha let's go then ! i go in 2 weeks lol
so far this is kind of a horrible episode . :/
i'm pumped for the future of web design conference in nyc tomorrow ! who else is going ?
well they finally got on the bandwagon . that's actual news .
good morning ! it's raining and drizzling outside ! :)
#10thingsthatannoyme illegal aliens and mexican holidays . ..smh . . .
thanks for the rt . good weekend ?
glad to support ! please keep us in the loop on any exciting news . we'll share it with our community .
we miss you !
#twothingsiwant a motorcycle and a puerto rican chick !
to all of our friends in dc , ny and new england . please be safe !
finallty took the lead in my nfl fantasy league match
so many followers^-^
well said ! now time to drink . rt : it's here ! !
lmaoo that's pure hatred
live each day as if your life had just begun . - johann wolfgang von goethe
valentines day celebrated early . . . great times !
so did little girls . my mom still has her cap guns .
yea man
finding the humor in divorce - huffington post (blog)
i have a friend like that . .
good morning my friends . ..i was wondering if someone can help me i am told there is a one ticket limit for shareholders meeting . ..so does . . .
i wish i had a kitten , but i'm allergic :(
world's fairs symposium continues at 2pm , harrison auditorium , w/talks on gender , & catalan/spanish conflict in 1929 barcelona exhibition
i can't wait to visit the kids at the orphanage ! counting down the hours :)
no . 4 lsu tigers look to continue success in may : fan&#39;s take
ok , thanks ! i'm adding a comment to it now .
zayn my husbandwordswordswords,wordswordswords
i love shades where you can't see my eyes
seeing doctors and nurses smoking >
that's exactly right . " talkback " to me implies focus on the artists " post-show discussion " implies focus on the play .
me too ps bring some ear plugs for eric church if you're standing next to me . . . it's gunna be wild
dear john #channingtatum wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
great work .
thanks ! love your name and description
headed to first friday receptions at the #dupont art galleries . anyone else going ?
i feel i'm not on here enough . i'm sorry ! i miss you all , especially the sassy librarians . i'm done with the semester do i should tweet more
frying bacon . if that's not the answer , then americans are just wrong .
yes ! far better production value ; still , it's got the same vibe as both the swedish version and the book/s , doncha think ?
ah , those noble savages in the far east !
excited to pamper myself wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
it was a while back at ghost bar . he was surrounded so i hid in the corner . so many females were acting the fool :)
woo *throws confetti*
i known:p & yes
in horrible pain and can't sleep but still have a joy in my heart . i love this feeling . thank you baby kerr ! !
my life isnt over,but yea at the moment
there's that smile -- we dont see that too often
hate it when im sick on one of the best weekends .
no problem . drop me a line at and we'll make a plan .
running on pure adrenaline as i continue my #research info this fine monday:)
wordswordswordsi longed to know the world's name.wordswordswords robert penn warren
thanks . yours is to !
is 30 rock's kim jong il racist or because it's kim jong il it's all okay ? like those awkward world war ii looney tunes ?
i think chinatown , i think san fran . ..or asian naked spa in vegas . ..how do i make that comment not weird ? too late . ..airy :)
front desk thurs : el rio de chena , ok . but i'm probably messing up w/ el perro en frente aka " lead dog" . not even gonna try " wheel dog " .
writing my final film paper on the film phenomenon known as " fandom . " what film am i writing about ? well , of course .
im super weird . . . . . .
rt - watching this documentary on bill bellicheck & the new england patriots on nfltv . . . .this mug is real
well taffy just pulled a crown off . :^(
happy mother's day !
ben:"courtney , would u like to go to the fantasy suite ? " courtney:u do know who ur talking to , right ?
hopefully jazzy jeff can make it to my graduation party .
get your #creative juices flowing : drawastickman.com thanks to for sharing .
in the workshop ! !
i completely agree !
jury duty : postponed . nothing shall interfere with comiccon . not even death itself .
i have serious issues , i should have been sleep hours ago but this damn logo game has me up . i must beat it lol
one problem is when people equate tablets with ipads . pc tablets and flexible keyboards=fewer parts to break than a laptop .
a weekend like this makes me love calling wisconsin home . #brewers #beataz #packers #badgers , hashtag happiness
can we have a redo of saturday's seattle weather today ? pretty please ?
hah , no meds this time , just a filling . hoping for a good day tomorrow regardless .
people ask me , " r . l . what makes what you have to say different from the rest ? " well , i have the credentials , the potential , & the influence
conversely , if you're trick or treating , you're probably too young to be wearing a wedding ring .
stay out of trouble
" the guy sounds like a matinee idol . " - schmidt has the best lines . #newgirl :)
if you think someone else's god should decide what medication your doctor can give you , vote gop .
a pleasure , you are welcome ! !
sounds like u need some tlc .
anything that i need to know thats good bout u
#drugreactions : changing the #lifestyle often helps avoid the use of #drugs with side effects that also damage
you're suppose to make others feel invincible not invisible .
parents are out of town , and it's prom weekend . . .
i can't wait untill tomorrow !!!!!! ! what time is it ? and i love you ! :)
you're kidding me . this is the 4th bus that has driven by . . .
have you seen manuel delanda's movies ?
all this talk over peyton going 2 denver . great players get traded for other great players everyday in every field.roll w/it ! i love peyton !
i need a boyfriend . ..someone who's honest , loving , & tired of their heart being broken . :p
is granola even good for you ? let's be real .
romney is doing the south thing just right we know where he's from so he havin fun and we'al like bein real
happy memorial day . have a safe holiday weekend !
. . . not thinking about shopping , haircuts , food , dentists , traffic , weather , blogs , baseball , sitcoms , reality shows , or politics .
good morning ! itwordswordswordss a slow news day in new york -- the tribunewordswordswordss headline : wordswordswordsstaten island village terrorized by mad dogwordswordswords
damn it feel like i gotta throw up wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
totally do it and i'll do it and then i'll mix it together and it will be magical :)
friends listening to boyfriend : he sounds like a child molester . me : you guys are legend .
good morning . . . happy saturday :)
maybe he'll come back next year . =( sad mike is sad .
definitely the plan , last thing i'm looking to do is something stupid 3 weeks out ! thanks !
can i fb message you ? it's a good paragraph long . ha .
moms love candles ! how about buying mom a candle for mother's day ? i know she'll love it !
keep in mind this is an album not a mixtape .
romo , eli , or matt ryan ? thoughts ?
the #insane moment when lets some random hot dude lift me up to help me with my pull ups . ..#embarrassing !
i can help with that
how are you ? :d
monday , may 28th im releasing the cover for my " loose change " mixtpae with ! shouts to charles davis on the design .
bob's clearing the vhs movies out at $1 -- wide assortment of titles -- over 200 -- get ' em before they're gone !
heck yeah! ! #uwmgrad " : last day of classes ! #finishstrong #hardworkpaysoff "
#tweetyour16yearoldself go to school for something that pays better than social work . . . .it is too important ! !
gonzo's path would be cleared to mex nats , world cup . step up . rt : is that lateral move ? not much of step up as in years past .
read someone retweet from out loud & my sister thought i was just randomly looking up facts about vagina's .
you're a little late i'm already torn<3
waiting for dhe new teen wolf :)
true . i was there yesterday , blackmon is going to be a beast .
sorry i'm hungover on your birthday mom . . . . 6th street wins once again
sure thing , just need some digits . :-)
is tht even a word ?
ebooks are not going away , so think about the experience you want and buy your ereader accordingly .
great , i'm really glad to hear it .
great call on ! f pittsburgh !
to college students : do you want the extra cash that can help pay for next yearwordswordswordss spring break ? see how our saveusa program can help you: . . .
have you heard the news ? is now be sure to follow us! ! !
those crocs are cute ! i like them !
woke up and asked 21 questions whatever happend to good morning smh
yes . as of now , the noertwest part
' s application tweetmypaper http://tweetmyrpaper.com restricts writers to writing in 145 character increments .
lmao ! man , i should never tweet when i'm bored or sleepy smh
parents could be annoying and if there not there strike like really ? what would we do without them ?
my dad and his girlfriend got me one of the mellon arena ornaments for christmas . definitely still hockey nerding out about it .
yes at :dd
so they announced it ? ^___^
having a blast with and !
now on tap : censored & luck 13 , ovila , grand saison , julian hard cider & more ! #craft beer
thanks for the reply . but what if you joined twitter first and then launched your business ? what if any would you do different ?
headed to a meeting about the #quantifiedself . nerdily excited .
bright star church knows how to have church!!! ! jeeeeeeezzzzz!!!! ! !
thats why you saw lobbyist groups like fairplay usa with tom ridge and louis freeh . thats how they paid them their $ after
get wit me
justin timberlake got to slap kobe on the ass . there is no justice in the world .
or coughing in the studio during an interview ? i say david .
wordswordswords : one day you'll come across a man who will prove why all the other jerks never worked out . #diamonddiplomawordswordswords
so i'm watchin syttd on tlc and a commercial for one of the weird shows comes . ..eeww she drinks her own urine . . .
haha love it*
tonight i am in an idc attitude with her
yeahh , virgo :d
where will the action be tonight ?
am i the only one that loves spoilers ? #bachelor doesn't start for an hour , but i know the ending . thanks to my bffl !
my video is a contest entry and every " like " on it counts as a vote for my video ! so pleeeaaasssee tweet the link of it , i need yalls help !
hudson just swung at a pitch in his eyes with ducks on the pond in a critical situations . he sucks . no heart , no game .
playing with the tk blue group today at an die musik at 5:00pm . come one out!!!! ! !
true , but i don't know how many people will still use it cause twitter will most likely take off the other social media outlets
whoops . get on that dude
you were amazing last night at the art museum! ! congrats ! !
nba : magic exec : howard , van gundy can co-exist orlando magic senior vice president pat williams would like to see star center dwight ho
thanks so much for the rt - so excited to be part of the event this year :)
we're gonna p-p-aint the city .
you can allow pain & being hurt to either make you bitter or motivate you to help others that are hurting . ~
i have 2 cats- how about you- thanks for rt !
am i gonna waste my time trying this ?
morning , keep grinding jack . .birthday weekend . ..how will it go no one knows . ..holla . . .
i need a coffee . now !
wordswordswords : dude always inspired to see your creations and those of your great stylist.wordswordswords same to you ! thank you
steamed mussels maple walnut parmesan chip 2008 riesling , charles smith wordswordskung foo girl wordswords , washington 89pt
i hope you get to see it . it is def a must see . beautifully done film .
omg i have heartburn , always wondered when i would experience it . . . old age is upon me
every damn day on the way home (g8 gt driver) .
not a lot . cuddles decided to end hi training ride early .
at the strangest party of my life . but they got late nite doritos . america . happy fourth !
hi nice thought ! what are your views on the current #indian #education system ?
lol just now changing my calendar from february to march .
we've got 50 miles to go !
fantastic indiana real estate report for august : the median sale price of homes increased 1.7% (ie home values are on the rise)
getting ready for the start of
thank god you're coming home , i need to see you . ill tell you everything when you come , which is when exactly
even the champagne bottles they spray at #nascar events looks like its bought from sams club
thats right die die die
cheney heart transplant could have been from a progressive - the horror !
i was at the oh21cs session . after it i spent time on your site and lehman's . i know i saw a ppt with quotes of change in edu
only in america haha
the artwork/video for the new single is looking really good !
sad , it's not very good . never have i ever seen that album . wonder if rolo has .
would you like the new dance marathon cards to say " ftk " " for the kids " or " #ftk " at the top ?
travel industry should go green as well !
what's goin on
what are the odds of you actually replying back ? only one way to find out !
. . . so very true ! some bosses and significant others should be told this :)
thmorukno:protestant reformrs ddnt like revelation:luther wanted 2 toss it n th elbe;zwingli saidwordswordswordsscriptural status;calvin mostly ignored .
y do chicks think its cute to have babies out of wedlock ? that is not cute !
bring ur money tomorrow! ! !
hey #sschat ! i'm michael from massachusetts . great to be here .
ill . house to vote on chicago's red light camera bill . big bill is not in favor of spying devices that catch you doing things you shouldn't !
my first time watching #impracticaljokers . so funny !
portland local news anchors+stations have always been great advocates of soor + ygames . thanks for the follow + !
heaven now available on itunes !
he's getting so big ! can't wait to meet him . i'm home 2nd weekend in may . will you and be back then ?
perfume seven now offers shipping worldwide , email us for at for a quote .
:) sorry for the delay . my phones not the greatest lol .
once again , my inefficient mosquito prevention methods make me wake at an ungodly hour and write . don't worry , no malaria or dengue here .
to all the girls i've lubed before .
credit : it is the drug that the bankers deal to us to keep us enchained to their parasitic financial machine .
argh , no . i'm sorry . take my kids to school at that hour . 8 , i could--but sounds like that's too late .
#turntoyou is amazing <3 such a good song <3 made my step mom cry<3
first friend to get to barnone gets two beers on me , and a loss in darts . yes we're viewing the game tonight .
y.o.f.o = you only famous online
anyone else have the #facebook app update lick up their iphone ? 3 hours with no phone .
been a stressful day . . . i just want a shower and at least a 45 min nap with no interruptions
proud of myself for surviving four years in botwe
i'll just put it on your tab , you'll get a bill in the mail , hand it to ur mom
like the rest of #milwaukee , powering through today before #brewers #openingday shennanigans tomorrow !
definitely ! i also met folks from india and brazil , and they enhanced the experience greatly .
at national autograph convention in pasadena !
look for the girl with the broken smile wordswordswords . ask her if she wants to stay awhile wordswordswordswordswordswords
couldn't . be . happier .
pipeline to promise meeting going on now ! job prep meeting starting at 12 . come down and learn how we plan on helping you .
. ..of mrti which is as you state , and the outcomes which seem targeted almost totally at one side in the conflict .
#httr just realized you are frat . . . gomab
call me maybe just got played at
lol :) <3 i miss you too and i have been doing alright my love thanks for asking but how are you doing :)
you're welcome . always love to follow ambitious , food aficionados who love travel . kindred spirits as they say . :)
i agree ! dee dee always makes my day when i get a tweet fom her ! i luv that she tweets the demetrians
don't you hate it when you have that dream you are stuck in high school ? i could have sworn i graduated , went to college , now an adult .
#schoolmemories asking to go to the restroom to walk around and kill time
encouragement is the water that keeps us growing , the air that we breathe , the fire that keeps us warm .
looks like nic johnson is on for usa to start the 2nd half
what bro ?
morning run to clear my head . caught some of the first
i mean . ..i don't know about that
sending the treasures home mit person is definitely the way to go . . . when's your big departure date ? have a happy return !
yep , only way to go wordswordswords : i am the presentation . my slides are just my visual jokes . #shehechatwordswordswords
thanks for the blog mention !
feel your anger brother
yay ! and my mommy is going to pay for your ticket to my show . :)
thank you for sharing the memorable story ! we are the conductor of our life , we decided what role we should be playing huh ?
here at hein are already starting to gear up for aall 2012 ! hope to see everyone in boston !
" im set on cruise control , im slowly losing hold , of everything i got . "
his voice is definitely gonna make my christmas just perfect .
my face >>>> your ass
loving what is doing with tonight's lineup for the fish . it's gonna be a great one tonight against the teddy bears .
out selling golf . . good job kat ,doing it for the kids
roseanne's new show is cancelled!!! ! no i can't go back 2 reruns of her old show
: hmm . anything in the romance , fantasy , historical fiction , mystery , or sci-fi genres will do . i'm a pretty flexible reader .
" : waking up to eat breakfast then going back to sleep on a full stomach , not healthy but it's an awesome feeling > "
follow me on instagram ---> antonysoto i'll follow you back
great addition to the team! ! !
you're secret love affair
smart , intuitive , able to work in teams , great interpersonal skills , enthusiastic : what nutter is looking for in new hires
who knows with ! but that was the cheapest shot i've seen in a long time .
thank you ! :)
will never understand this traffic on i24 ! crawling all the way from la vergne , and no accident in sight ! it's just a little rain , people !
im sorry :( hopefully it will get better ! :) #<3
#sack can't handle the grilled cheese!! ! !
twas a pleasure sharing a threetweet . a shame you couldn't type fast enough to rep gaf again .
truth exists , only falsehood has to be invented .
sorry to hear ! we're working on making it better . let us know what you're looking for if you want us to keep our eyes peeled
y'all doing anything ?
awww , i'm down ! i'm pretty open next week . juhhhh lemme kno !
jamming my . . his music keeps me going (( :
ahh . . i recorded it . ..soo i watched it when i woke up . , because it came on at 6am&that was to early for me ! lool .
um what believe tour dated come out this week ? !
ok . . . . i give u that ! hey , u feeling better ?
: #healthyeating #i knowyourejealousthatswhyimpostingthisthe only healthy your doing is chewing slower
i bought two ipods when i should have bought stock .
thanks ! big step !
cinesomatic.com is proud to strike against censorship .
i love mini vacations . breakfast in solvang then back to la to start my new unemployed life !
sushi on the rock + mother's day =
congrats so much
really ? ! it's fate . we should have a one-on-one book club meeting !
so you talkin back , victoria better get her baby ! !
ask chin strap isn't he a dub stub queen ?
um , i spell it " " , but can i still rule the universe with you folks ?
ok if that is what it is i take back my previous statement . . . that is a health hazzard
work&school all work no play
rt : " the internet is older than the class of 2015 " (huffpost) goodluck at college liv , my baby sis is all grown up !
m , i wonder whats in the future for austin( :
must find new job by friday or on a plane to kc . . . hard core job searching this week !
nobody wants to hear this but sometimes the person you want the most is the person you're best without wordswordswords
thanks for following ( :
congrats to benjamin burt for booking his commercial in la !
now i'm seeing on tv a poor cat fell 4 floors and was impaled poor thing !
yeah for 2 days but were going to the bahamas
lol " : i felt like ' q ' from juice . "
confidence-building , yes !
i know you're used to getting up bright & early . . . so do you want to join us this saturday at 5 am for muscle for the cure ? :)
kevin spacey rocked at theatre wash's drama prom ! congrats to mitch hebert , michael babbitt & shout out to daniel mclean wagner .
shouts out 2 & 4 your excellence this week in dc !
cousin . i'm going to gstaad to in 2 days . maybe i can just go with you in the morning
and omg mary i'm on the common experience retreat right now and turning in my lesson plans for common hour next week
celebrate who you are , not who others want you to be
we will be traveling a lot this year , so we hope to meet you , or even see you again ! old friends and new too !
who ever put two anti-patriot stickers on my car today at school , good job thanks for thinking about me today .
ok one last thing . . . i introduced products one at a time . . . partly so i wouldn't become a product junkie ! lol
the block of granite which was an obstacle in the path of the weak , becomes a stepping-stone in the path of the strong . --thomas carlyle
you should look at the moon right now
bacon this week ?
i sometimes go to my own little world , but that's okay , they know me there .
is their really a specific time ? can't we drink coffee all day ? itd be a happier & more hyper world .
you should eat makeup so your pretty on the fckin inside
absolutely not . rt : so is it weird to blast one direction out a window ?
listening to elvis's " be my good luck charm " .
last day at national association of broadcasters conference in lv - great show - great scott lots of walking !
i've said it . you've said it . my 10-year-old has said it . now let's agree to stop saying it . i hearby renounce , " i know , right ? "
it was fun ! sofia vergara is so beautiful . can't deal . . .
i want to preorder the 1d live tour dvd but i don't have any money . i swear , i'm broke because of one direction . this is what they do to me .
bahaha or mullets over bangs
" : i already offered up $100 clams to anyone who can produce gumbels notes ! so foolish
was like an 8-9% mixture bloomed we shot a ballistics gelatin w a 308 sniper rifle . ..still retained shape
that's funny
omg , i just left my iron on for 8 hours .
how can you say ick ? ! two of the best live shows i've ever been to will be together !
#20thingsaboutme 3) i cant wait till summer ! 4) im scared of the dark ! 5) i eat alot but somehow don't get fat , 6) im a funny person .
where did you find this ! ? ! is there a video ! ? !
are you here at #ala2011 ? say hello at booth 2215--and take 20% off any purchases during the conference
nice ! good luck :)
doors open at 9 . or you can win vip passes to get in early with hot 107.9
they say , " never trouble trouble till trouble troubles you . "
yes ! yes ! yes ! . . . i still would love to see him in a cape , mask and arm armor in the next match . haha
tip for the ladies : stop choking hazards : get a brazilian wax !
thx ! : just discovered & i have to say it might b the best idea ever . thinking of taking some courses soon!wordswordswords
i just killed that #panera chopped steak and blue cheese salad .
although , the winner may be " sylvia plath's cookbook . "
#salsa & #bachata bands and party tonite at millennium hotel downtown #stl ! tremendous party guaranteed ! also , dance performances !
i love flowers
the bungler was terrific tonight ! so glad we got to see it and hear julia and the cast talk about the play afterward .
the hunger games are so awesome
. .and we do apologize , your score had not been updated . please check again .
practicing the #piano . i wish i could learn faster . or at least have a teacher now :/
watching john q in class , this movie so sad but good .
-_- could you keep it to you're self ? -_-
free food and booze at #skype party . rjd2 , neon trees , + a few more :) wish you were here ! !

thank you for your support . we like the clean lines and navigation of your website . all the best !
has thursday off , then usa vs czech republic in linz/pasching on friday at 4:45 am cst faustball2011.com/en
wishing i could teleport to indy . three hours in the car seems like torture right now .
i love you dano !
the weather forecast for my apartment today : high of 95 with a strong chance of fainting humans .
loved your candor this am and that's why i like you:-) btw happy sex anniversary to you and jen
seriously ? still raining ?
with this network outage . ..it has me thinking about going to xbox . ..this is ridiculous ! !
cheap dive where one of the patrons references cyrano ? yes , please . thank you ,
something happens when we slow dance
#sschat #edtech #educoach ? -1:1 means a laptop for each student , right ? used this phrase with a fellow educator & got a weird look ?
so tired wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
want to talk books ? head on over to my account and join the discussion .
babysitting a -80 freezer at the tail end of a 12 hour day blows
feels like moment when we were waiting on to come out !
creating final credits-apologies to 8+ extras/day crew who got lost in computer crash-if u or friend worked on " movie #2 " or i promise dm me
rock-bottom . either that's the lowest point in one's life or kim kardashian's ass .
pour one out for our homie mca . the r in a+r is proudly wearing her beastie's t-shirt in memory of 1 of the greatest acts , & her 1st concert
my friends would make an announcement at prom saying its my birthday . . . #awkward :p
this has been the worst year ever . i've been sneezing or in a drug induced coma since february .
agreed , but it's so much neater than the traditional forum layout .
wordswordswords : tom brady scores more than zach morris at prom with a pocket full of roofieswordswordswords
the lucky few have been emailing us about the nano for months! ! looks like people are hungry for a waterproof nano
once you walk out of my life , the door locks behind you .
two questions 1 . did you go to jr . prom and how much did you like it ? 2 . will you feel terrible if you miss sr . prom ? go to sd
god created the world in six days but it took him centuries
#signsyoulostafight the person your fighting starts taking your jewelry . .lmao
to every one who gives us a shout out will earn a discount on their smog test all it takes is a shout :)
sweet ok:) please dont forget ! the shows in september !
my boyfriend told me i had to choose between him and volleyball . iwordswordswordsm really going to miss him . . .
in town for thanksgiving ? stop by sonny's tonight for free jukebox and old friends (and new ones)
st . x executes a rare 1-2-3 inning and after five complete innings , eastern leads the tigers 8-6 . game is now " official " in event of rain .
off to bed ! g'night . talk to you tomorrow . maybe :) we're terrible at communicating via phone . this is why god invented bars .
cat mulan&#39;s mindful musings at placerville news company for . . .
get it ! shake it !
first ones better
applaud for supporting #veterans with #fastballflakes cereal proceeds go to &
its going to take a lot of peer pressure lol , but i wont rule out the possibility
at the same time i wanna leave and then i wanna stay
i can't stand tom brady . lmao
people laugh at lebrons hair line , he laughs at their bank account hahahahah
it was last week . reviving the hash tag . may be beating a dead dog haha
for the gifts and the calling of god are irrevocable . (rom 11:29)
fish and chip head ass boi
#bookteeveemashups dr . jekyll and mister ed
jordan , bird , magic are the top three . but i will listen if you want to bring kareem or wilt into the discussion .
awkward moment when my grandma sings along to 1d . .
i managed to get fun dip all over me today . still finding it
did a fantastic tasting at this past weekend . the wines showed very well . a couple of bottles found their way home to sf .
man : have you seen this exhibit ? me : no i just work here ! !
dude - when r u back in town ? rt : wish i could get some quality time with that guy !
i'll boo intentional walks all day .
gr8 group @ the #dpla hackathon , bummed , and a host of others aren't here
refs in chelsea game are making it look like a camp nou game .
oh coach not here today :(
should i curl my hair or ?
haha i could tell ! you were like staring at the ground
sweet . glad you enjoyed it !
yes ! so my cousin lives in philly & says this is happening b/c parents r forming coalitions w/in pub schls
about to do a 4 am shed . .
and we're tryna come out your way and play thomas again . if you're booking hit us up .
that sounds all sorts of delicious . too bad the only one in ma is in a mall . which is now closed .
off to the studio to record some drums for a new tune . ..piano based , quasi-ballad . think mccartney on this one .
movie time wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
#turnon pretty eyes ( ;
level of discourse at #whykardashians explains a few things . . .
and now there are at least two pigeons in that person's room . ..! ! holy sh*t .
had a great time at the viper last night ! thanks everyone !
thank you ! please pass around .
up too late . i ' had to ' make supper & a pie , do dishes (2x) , watch ncis , bag the trash , email ppl & talk to my dp . is wkend here yet ?
about damn time .
nice meeting you too !
if teams could steal first they would be able to do so against the sox . awful
wanna go boating meow
ode to acupuncturists // they quietly battle illness / with wisdom ancient intricate subdued / they will the qi / and it follows
you can listen , see i am the real joeshow
having watched #contagion this weekend,sitting in an urgent care waiting room is making me paranoid .
arc then la later .
read ur salon article . have to say , the spot is focussing on 1 aspect of life experience , u r reading way too much into it .
let's do this .
wordswordswords : pop an ambien so you can do both #sleepyhawkerswordswordswords always 20mg too little or 20mg too much , happy medium is fiction
congratulations to (and our friend ) on best new startup of 2011 !
learn from dream theater " shame and disgrace over mental unrest , keeps us from saving those we love " --fight the stigma , help and get help .
we are almost at 3,000 followers ! when we hit 3,000 we will have a trivia contest to celebrate - winner gets a book !
crappy crappy day .
here's the deal , no i will not call you from a show and , no i will not have a band member call you , unless you have a valid reason .
this perfomance was amazing!! ! !
they say you die twice . once when you stop breathing and a secind time , a bit later on when somebody says your name for the last time .
#np future - turn on the lights
i saw about her interview . how'd they figure out who she is ? we never use our names or any kind of id .
|~.-!- g1 certified wet tshirt contest --- friday club drama --want to get in for free ? txt me i will tell you how---214 609 3316 --
shoutsout n my other 5 followers
i became enlightened . that's a pain though , if you aren't a monk . people just think you're really depressed .
does ribs on wheels count ?
seriously . if you didn't leave yourself enough time in the am to cut your nails , wait until bedtime . doing it on the train is not ok .
i'm up so early i'm gonna wake the sun up .
ur website is totally cool i hope z will see it . ..the best thing evah
be an american . . . .vote !
are your items for sale made in usa ?
kereem's got a table of goodies for sale out front so you can sample some of our wares in the beautiful sunshine se 79th & foster .
just be happy that you're not one of the class acts walking to the blarney stone with their child in a stroller .
wordswordswords glad i didn't have homework.wordswordswords
i'm the worst golfer in the history of golf
brother's soccer game tonight :) my bestie might come <3
i know lebron did his thang
god night :)
i'm proud of my heart . itwordswordswordss played , burned and broken . but still works #tss :'d
if she ain't gone treat you right , then i ain't gone treat you wrong . and that's my word .
you've had the same ringtone since , what , 2006 ? rt : i'm sorry i get weirdly judge-y about your choice of ringtone .
clearly , i should not have chosen a book involving science for my intellectual freedom homework assignment .
i'm what willis was talking about .
my boss car is bad
you can't stop a bullet .
ha ! rt : " women should declare themselves corporations so republicans will stop trying to regulate us . "
#huguely atty:"it wouldn't be fair to his client not to have proper representation".co-counsel ill . proceeding w/other witnesses .
i can't wait for the boys to start touring and stuff again . i'm getting bored on twitter :p
i'm sorry i was out of town . did i respond to your question ?
suck my cockiness lickk my persuasion eat my words and then ---swallowww your pride
ugh . . . i so enjoy being at work today . looking forward to having lunch with though :)
woke up today on a downer , today is going to be fun
good morning to mizzu wordswordswords
just got new two hands designs , flowers , chevrons , and mustaches oh my! ! <3
" hip-hop never died it was just buried alive . "
yes , but is your dormant trigger power ?
seriously i never had them before i moved here !
thank's for retweeting define !
young today , old as a railroad tomorrow
too bad they only play six innings - back to blow morgan .
#icanhonestlysay i am excited for free small premium roast coffee @ mcdonald's ! did we mention that it's free ? ^eugene/pdx area only
good depth
our advanced english class has been discontinued . if you're looking for english classes , many of our fellow branches have them available .
i'm gonna listen to one song and one song only the whole way to chicago
there is a $999.99 app in the itunes store !
i need a social media dictionary ! i dont understand what rtlamofu means & many other terms .
dolphins are part whale .
new borns are hard to please . . . . #sonotready good thing i can give him back ! #sheesh he's a hand full .
what time is everyone heading there ?
ohmyjesus we've been looking for that for like years lol
you learn and grow 1 step at a time . keep walking forward ! i will be here to support u on the way !
chillin txtin watchin paper soldiers this movie mad funny
anyone care if i crash at they're house tonight so i know i'll be up for the state fair ?
make sure you catch all the hip events ! don't forget to add us on facebook ! http://www.facebook.com/hipstervegas (and post your own!)
tweeted from the wrong name
hiphop international is following meh :d
shooting for my friend's film in the beautiful bedford stuyvesant on this sunday morning .
#followfriday here are some people who i enjoy reading their tweets .
teehee!rt i bet if you threw bachmann off a cliff , she'd survive by flapping her lashes .
the difference between statistics & data science may be the same difference found between statistical literacy & data literacy
someone's gotta be given credit for bush's budget surpluses , amirite ! ?
rihanna's new gun tat is disturbing !
as long as the world keeps turning , something will come around
rt : cavuto asks #romney if same-sex marriage is analogous to fight for civil rights . romney : " i don't see it in that light . "
when you walk in the strip club the first thing you should see is ass on top of ass walking around . .
how i have missed you all:))
love the sound of that! ! :) what is this new project you speak of ? ! !
trying to upload the west region howard hanna rally video to youtube . . . .does it always take 8x as long to upload as the video is in length ?
is a legend . and i dont care what she has to say about it !
hi :d
benna confirmed something about the show i've long suspected : people mostly watch it for the clothes .
i was planning to take the day off , so i went to work and stayed for six hours . this is why i'm never on twitter .
we've never tweeted to each other , but i've been following your tweets . my thoughts and prayers are with your family !
i like me a deep thinker . .
at the " how i met your mother " bar
hey sf valley friends . i'm playing at tonight for their grand opening ! check us out ! free cd first 5 mention tweet
oh yeah that sounds like a much better plan . i loves me some
how's everyone doing today ? :) going to be dropping a mixtape this summer hopefully studio quality . hit me up for collabs . love ya guys <3
hi adam , i'd like to share how kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you connect & better understand your fans . follow me to dm ?
mama over here talking bout she like marion !
we're excited more people are taking note of milwaukee's emerging startup community !
i told him , at my age , i don't even buy green bananas
new topic - initial em-5 impressions from long time olympus user
in the keek ! oh awesome!( :
bourbon = cookies = awesome .
marco estrada has a no hitter through 3
the whip is out !
i'm making a study guide
congrats eloy!! ! that is awesome . best of luck in all you do !
fyi to managers-if your best workers are feeling unacknowledged and burnt out you risk losing them !
happy new year david . wishing you the very best for 2012 .
definitely ! ben (our lead singer/song writer) really likes owl city . so i guess you could say we're inspired by them too ;)
wow had a great weekend with everyone( : went to rolla hung with friends then spent sunday with the most amazingest person ever( :
" did you hear me ? jane's gone! " penny to lynette
thanks . do they replace immediately , or do you have to wait for it to be mailed ?
journalist will be discussing social media and technology at #crackingthecode !
i'd agree and add that there are probably violent convicted fugitives on the run who are more " deserving " of a billboard !
mrsadc thanks for stopping by and showing support ! you are the epitome of a lady and leader! ! !
interview with barney frank [(d) massachusetts] on cnn makes me happy .
i want rachel berry's closet
ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge .
i would honestly be scared of anyone who had orgasms over #dragontattoo . maybe just a poor word choice ?
mitt . what some of us want is for you to acknowledge that you couldnwordswordswordst have made it in america without america .
i also blocked you so the fact that you saw that me means that you proved my point
thanks to the many active tweeters! ! !
ugh so full
how can you sing a rap ?
" luck " event factors : 1 . u didn't cause it , 2 . it has significant consequences , 3 . element of surprise . jim collins
its gonna be sick !
that means a lot . . . trust me . . . it does . hopefully i'll have a lot more in the future , too :)
great to hear from you as well . i look for to your tweets on my tl :)
i'm not that short :( i'm 5'1
-pens d need to at least show up for 1/2 the game-and if sid and geno r 2 gether on a line 2 nite , geno will score- thoughts ?
lol nope but i can on friday ;)
the vp of marketing & ticket sales just took the mic & chatting her 17 year position w the
we don't advertise publicly
neutrino already fired , hired as hp ceo .
i hope that you know it , you are growing and for us is very emocional , and will never leave you ! we loveu114

si . last night . five ipads . five people . the #target five .
keep up the good fight ! wordswordswords : thank you for the follow ! appreciate your support . #c4ctwordswordswords
mayo needs to leave the 3 pointers to conley !
i was asleep when you sent this . thanks .
news alert : city council votes 14-0 to change curfew law , end $1000 tickets for late students
time to turn off the weather channel and head to dinner . can't watch #tornados anymore . will rely on twitter pics .
michalko summary : tension of retaining scholarly record , preservation , global studies , etc but nit everyone needs to do it
albeit a very stylish house but it would only last a few months before completely falling apart in true ikea fashion
middlegrounds key lime stack with pecan wafers drizzle in caramel
seattle's discovery park is closed following a cougar sighting . wildlife agents are setting traps . (via ) never happened in nj
last race of day 1 of the texas rowing championships has crossed the finish line . masters and more junior racing tomorrow !
leonard swett , an old lawyer friend of mr . lincoln and mine , wrote to me and warned : " washington is drunk and the country is sober . "
soo . ..i'm watching glee with the infamous :) :) but . . . .i miss my :(
your really cutee:) i hope one day you feel the same way i do
j'adore ! rt i love the grand autumn - 2 us rye , 1 , 3/4 lime , ginger beer , and a few drops of angostura .
rip pastor fred shuttlesworth , predecessor and mentor to dr king , a real lion in the struggle for human rights . thank god for men like him !
no need to cry , we'll be back next week !
is it really that hard to find a girl who doesn't want a dbag ? i used to be a dbag and somethings that i did still make me question myself .
men listen its nice that u out here chasing that money . . . . but don't forget wat u have at home waiting . . . . . . out of sight out of mind . . .
yay ! just poached eggs with my new egg poacher pods from dee-lish
do you party , every night ? ! !
iran nuclear talks wordswordswordsconstructivewordswordswords after 15-month halt
java architect us citizen green card consulting position
please help !
kinda think peter king was high when doing his mock draft , really andy dalton @ 8 ?
having someone who understands the life you live . . . >>>>>>>>>>>>>
here it comes nathaniel - hang in there !
i cannot stop myself around the stuff . it's my inner fat kid's happy place .
if you knw me , you knw i love the moon . and that boy been shining bright the last three days . my inner wolf wants to howl and piss on trees
f . major sanchez !
" conceptual objects tell the story of the research . " smithsonian presentation on repository-enabled vre at
remember if o drisceoil deals with 39 yeats . there's also arrington's new book , though it's mostly theatre , as i recall .
don't . stare . at . it . eat . it .
son your drunk tweets are too much . also come to my house to say goodbye before you leave .
a former inmate of the central new mexico correction facility in los lunas says a captain of the guards raped him repeatedly . so : a lawsuit .
i've heard of facebook trending more toward pinterest w stronger imagery . we live in a visual world .
wordswordswords : #taurus is the type to say " we're breaking up " to your face . ballsy.wordswordswords yup .
let me #askconstancio some things . will you please follow me ? !wordswordswords and i love you ! also . you need a name for your fans . please .
thanks for the announcement :)
if i find it , i will . idk which album i have from them but it might be an old one . i literally can't get into any songs . wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
1st of all i don't remember directing that to you 2nd i get my iphone in like a week so i'm gone be a eagle then .
would love to go to the world cup especially in brazil
finally off work
waiting at the dentist's office to get my teeth cleaned! ! so freakin hungry ! !
issues with wi-fi , okay . nonexistance combined with issues with wired internet , though ? a bit much .
agree w/ that (& not being critical) , just seemed a few extra factors combined to make it extra meh , but it's par for the course
if you only speak one language you have no excuse to suck at it
most sales campaigns focus on pain points , but fail to include an understanding of the client's business issue - " their reason to change "
goodnight from the winners circle
now that's more like it ! which le peep works best for you ?
#librarians , is it better to slow down/take a break from grad school to get more experience in libs or just go ahead and graduate asap ?
oh wow . i'm a nerd .
while watching ny v mia i told siri to play nipsey hussle
my sweet kids !
you have one too ?
lmao! ! u seen i was busy . . wht u want ? rt i didn't forget how u played me last night! ! !
oh yeah definetly :d
haha no problem . it was a good one !
sometimes , when you wait too long to make a decision , the opportunity passes you by . take action !
#quote wordswordswords whoever loves much , performs much , and can accomplish much , and what is done in love is done well~vincentvangogh
eek ! i am so freakin blissed out right now after an amazing weekend .
duos , fat sammies , west coast taco
you look like you have 2 adam's apples o_o but nice picture .
watch out for the skittles .
my sunburn stings with the intensity of a thousand suns .
really don't want a relationship like my mom and dad has . . .
can't wait to play toronto again ! we've got a whole new record that will destroy you !
i'm punishing my brother . i won't let him use the elite maps in mw3 .
one of the many heroes of #wwii rt remembering sf2c lawrence r . leblanc , kit on this day in 1945 . rip brother .
also , text driving is harder w/ a stickshift
today's goal : share your plans for this week with someone .
got my money for my english book , it was so needed . . .
rt glad to do it . good luck to staff : happy that was able to join us for #tribtraining today ! thanks greg !
thank you mwrd and thank you sen . durbin for touring our great ward !
thanks to , i always spray perfume on the back of my neck .
finally getting back in the studio next week with makin some new this boy that girl tracks
. trend 4 - expanding digitization . you've got to go beyond " just " digitization . digitization is just step one .
at work downtown . james is upset that you haven't called him yet -- you should call ! !
thank for the follow ! great . quotes .
the worst part about having a driver's license and a car is when your parents guilt you into running errands for them .
you all are doing great things ! !
#nowplaying - " t.g.i.f " by (wishing it was friday!!)
busche & bowyer battling it out nascar world camping truck series
some advice for you : focus on being a massie and nawt dissing the other mb rpers out there . then you'll be taken seriously .
great . . . just when i thought i lost all my feelings for you . . . this happens .
love you to
im hiring customer service , sales , dispatch operators , & managers in union , nj
oh : you can't cook with a full diaper !
he may need to retire and stick to queen latifah movies at this point . . . i just can't think of him the same after that
kanye west is not attractive what so ever ! what is kim kardashian thinking ?
does it involve florida ?
i heard you !
great hustle by joe webb , allowing harvin to pick up an additional 10 yards with his downfield blocking
new friends
in chicago .
come in today and say hi to ruben our guest piercer and get 20% off your jewelry !
its express ya self tuesday on street heat radio today @ 6pm hosted by call 310.807.5053 we live @ 6pm . . ! !
i'm not jealous here at work or anything ! throw one back for good times sake . . .
u jacking
gathering the troops to storm the state of the art dungeon but no one yet knows that both taylor and kimmie are gone !
in the sports news today : the celtics trade nate robinson and kendric perkins . they must know something that we all don't know .
archivist's walk of shame : pushing a load of materials through silent rooms on a *really* rattly cart .
#gopwitchhunt rt : were officials involved in secret service prostitution scandal ? will ask rep . issa
thanks for the
no missing bush wacker tonight . yay for you . :)
for theater . . for audience experience . i do theatre because i want to see smiles on ppls faces , change lives . caring about that !
night out w/ my girl nicole . drinks up baby ! its a new night .
maybe playing farmville all day and giving back your stock options isn't all that appealing after all ?
braun is in the lineup .
yes they do :)
regarding #mothersday - i do not celebrate a reminder that i was unequivocally rejected by both of my mothers .
come check out the third floor at the main library and look at some of our amazing entries for our 2012 create-a-bookmark contest .
heavy music can be very motivating . it is visceral and the energy is contagious . rock on !
yes , lots of weighing in on sophie 103.7's new format . programming changes can make listeners crazy .
wordswordswords : i love to eat . all day , any day . no matter what.wordswordswords
twilight only has 2 more miller high lifes and then it's oly tall boys !
some one tweet me :(
bill nye the science guy is from seattle
uk : parking sensors => us : " curb feelers " ?
i'm pretty sure joanne's fabrics is mentioned in dante's inferno . no one needs cheap fabric that badly .
. ..we know why that is . you weren't always sporty .
its ok . i'm good .
pumpkin spice latte ?
the way wolf said that made it seem like texas was not going share the longest border with mexico in the future . . . lol
getting ready to learn the secrets of work-life balance w/ , melanie keller and bryce freeman . ..countdown is on !
it is fine that you are mad at the people hating on you , but the word retard is offensive to say .
i feel like brooks should have tebowed there .
this island is still an island for families . why not think about joining us for thanksgiving ?
finally off work getting brakes fixed on my car *tired wants to take a nap*
day 80 - no cigarettes or liquor !
p.s - those last 2 characters in that last tweet were an accident . my dog stepped on the keyboard :|
it's a win for the west in this years east west shrine allstar football game .
thanks , that's the sort of literal-mindedness we encourage in our readers .
touche . ..now imagine the choco burrito
ideapaint is the way to go ! they even sell it at home depot .
is tweeting again !
i make her scream .
. . . now that i'm back in 1 place 4 awhile (the road trips have bn tough) . glad 2 b home & miss u guys ! xoxo
(robert half) asking the right questions takes as much skill as giving the right answers .
maybe u didnt get the memo . i dont allow peeps to run me over .
i want to take a nap after school so bad , but i also need to look for a new job . i need more time !
i miss you too !
one big issue is that if they play .500 ball from here until they get healthy , still have to justify not selling .
move it . or plan a second grad party
have you ever hit the follow button and simultaneously thought , " i'm going to regret this . " ?
come to gumers to customize the perfect wedding bands ! rt : ' tis the season for engagement sessions ! check out these two . . .
there are plenty of bookstores here that would be happy to have you . i'll shoot you an email .
i care about a lot of people but i feel like maybe 10 people somewhat care about me .
dark roast . sure
we want to wish you a merry christmas tom w/ our xmas party + toy drive ! bring an unwrapped toy and get in 1/2 price all night .
happy labor day to all . roots will be closed . enjoy .
hope everyone's holiday season is going great ! how are you making your celebrations #green or #ecofriendly ?
school ends at 3:25 on wednesday . thg is still in our theater . as a beginning of summer celebration , i think i'm going to go see it again .
thanks , susan . . . was hoping you might be here at the conference so i could say hello !
end of the first and the fans are on their feat for the #maineiacs 1st period effort vs st john . . . .2-0 lewiston (14-11 on shots)
coming soon ! to central ohio , jollysavers is every familywordswordswordss dream ! providing an unbeatable , family value , " deal " .
#geektrivia answer : who was captain cold's sister , who also became one of the flash's enemies ? lisa snart , aka the golden glider
longest line ever at las .
oh there you are! ! it's beautiful ! !
looking for a hot gift ? how about 10 classes for $45 ! red hot yoga , keeping the holidays hot ! www.dailydealsquad.com
hey scott , gr8 meeting you.hoped you'd take tourney down . i'd like to interview you soon- now , if you've time ? or mayb satrday ?
justin u know what u should do ? upload a youtube video of u singin a cover like old times . do it ! please! ! 1
yeah thats what i think i'ma doo cause if i start to early my curls will fall !
what #nacua ac session are u most looking forward 2 ? " dealing with high profile interest and advocacy groups and agitators " is up there .
is it a new #castle tonight ? hope so !
#alliclass . to expand audience , bring theatre to new audiences and enhance their experience (which loops back to repeat costumer)
my point was that in tebows case he gets extra +/- pub because of how polarizing he is & that's because his outspoken beliefs
you did what ? from where ?
not a good day for packers .
yayyyyy it's st . patrick's day . woo .
that's cause told us all yesterday
hey there . :)
time for some 4th quarter
this school isn't a trip it's damn vacation
we pray that god blesses each and every one you through the night ! xoxo
haha i'm gonna have to do ! i sing all the time but so out of tune , its dreadful ! jeeeze hahah
only 1 o`ahu team remains in the championship bracket for division 1 #hhsaa cc :
it's about that time! ! game time !
worst i've looked going to school ever
even in 100 degree weather , women must still maintain a professional image . our male counterparts do .
really enjoyed and learned a lot last weekend for coaches growing their business . . .
on me her do
great news !
hahaha tagging crews who act like a gang<<<<
it will be movie night i'd i can actually find a movie
welcome to twitter ! i look forward to reading your posts and hopefully learning a lot !
lol i'm dead serious
correction : nasa's future flight central will be airing this saturday (5/1/10) @ 5:30pm on kron4 !
do you really ? can we meetup tomorrow ?
congratulations pippa and robert! ! :)
smoking some ribs and chilling .
" one by one . . . they all had to die! " happy friday the 13th !
i know they have to win this next game on sunday if they wanna even have a shot to win this series . they better pick it up
no one compares you stand alone
lol what it's different yours is cute tho
when you are the strong one ppl don't give you permission to hurt
framework rupture of intestinal floorboards : ringing neck of birthing tube facelift : crosslegged in egg shell aftermath : o stimulant sphere .
why's bieber smile trending when it's fenway's birthday ?
wow i was really surprised by the avengers ! didn't expect the movie to be that good . i already bought tickets to watch it again .
top ten next year
oh , awesome ! and so good to hear from you , ann !
like those gamer babe distractions
- thanks for the 5 star review of actsophia !
evidently i'm wrong . the valentine's day wedgie is not actually a well-known tradition . :(
man i still can't get over just how good this new black keys album is
you made it !
you better go to melbourne again this year . seriously . or just come here to kiwi-land
great alumni brunch at annenberg beach house ! nice morning/afternoon with great people !
neil young . good night .
thank you for your love , energy and support ! we will make tdbff live forever , dont forget to like our fb page for a chance to win .
heat bro you would hurt feelings out there.lol
why am i still wearing pants ?
that was some sweet sportsmanship at the end of the play , too .
friday night ? cinco de mayo ? oh . *rolls over in bed*
what's the project ?
if you ever visit me sweetie you will never be the same . well , you'll never walk the same at the very least . good 2 have u bk
substitute any term . still works." : rt : obama explains that " unprecedented " doesn't mean anything when he says it . "
saw my man , on oak st in nola . always a pleasure . the class of college basketball writers .
gotta love the classic movies- " boys n ' the hood "
tweeting live from internet week in nyc . tech at it's finest . so happy to be here . just talked to a guy that helped developed twitter .
huh ? there's an accent in california ? :)
fair enough . you're missing out though ! hope to see you again soon .
i wanna see 2chainz live!! ! !
aw cmon dont thank me ! thank your talent ! <3
doing your make up in the car is not the easiest thing to do .
added to my bucket list : spend an evening on the town with
she is adorable !
thanks for the support . cheers guys !
since when did monday become my favorite day ?
fortune favors the brave . - publius terence
it was nicely said .
rt : i hate that as much as i love the sam jackson one.//she irritates me to no end .
big love back to rotterdam !
all we do smoke & fck !
get in the car and drive . . . . .
whoa whoa ! robinson is too cute !
miami never sleeps
not really . i might go see a movie or play some basketball . . . u ?
i did meet him . .
shooting easter cooking vids w
we have video on youtube search icandi twerkteam
ooh i love creepy/stalkerish times ;)
#thingsthatgetmeupset when people lie for no reason !
welcome back , one of my first twitter pals ! phone's dying ; electricity's still out . . . resume convo tomorrow !
i hear good things about sushi in st . pete - rollbotto seems to be buzzing lately . i am planning more in your hood !
can't wait until may is over and have insurance again !
noah's neighbor , one morning : " hey , honey , i think we're missing a couple of goats . "
three days ?
want to follow someone new ? try !
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am . nuff said . ( : 33
who do you use for customized direct mail pieces like birthday cards aside from ?
loud! ! weed in my joints . . . ..gun play " im on point
so excited for ur new album!!!!!!<3
going home to my chinese food yaer
so , i guess it's friday and not thursday , lol! ! my #ff's will have to be brief . :) . ..i'm gonna just tell y'all who we love ! ready ?
yay ill c you there . :d im honestly going cuz of we came as romans,attack attack , well pretty much all of them sadly in . . .
merchnow ? o : i'm pretty sure they ship all over .
venue registration extended until friday june 10th 5pm ! www.ghartwalk.com
.as soon as my nails dry up though hahaa .
well then follow back
what's it mean when participants aren't part of all stages of research ? shouldn't they have say over all aspects
you show ' em who's boss !
i don't think virgin airlines would allow that .
should i be concerned about trying to remember something that i didn't know to begin with ? more writing , less talking ! !
it's exactly what i wanted ! how did she knowww ?
it was good to see you !
those are the solid , numerical facts . perception is great -- facts are better .
pop-punk warm up show tomorrow @ all asia in cambridge . in prep 4 our all ages blow out ep release party 4 the control on the 25th @ church
all that we behold is full of blessings . ~william wordsworth
that was sad .
the plan is to spend the day holed up in my (work) office writing an article on teaching undergrads with archives . i think coffee is a must .
maybe i should wear dress shirts and ties more often .
that shot becky'dem just took made me sick! ! i couldnt be a part of that
which cover should we play monday night ? rock&roll-led zeppelin/little help from my friends-joe cocker/no one knows-queens of the stone age ?
it's rare that they do !
thanks for the
approaching 10,000 views but the actual total is supposedly way , way more . .thanks guys! ! keep posting it on fb , it's working !
looking forward to it ! can't wait to taste-and-tweet !
tomorrow , right ?
w you're too cool for me
good morning everyone
ffl constantly reminds me that magic cards do a lot of different things , and there are a million cards which is like a million things to try
consider it done pal ! if you could rt me from time to time i'd really appreciate it .
responded to vacate @ 141 east 95th st , brooklyn , ny 11212 . red cross auto update .
agreed , i don't respond 99% of the time , and never click on any link included in the dm . ..great new avatar btw !
not helping .
field goals won't cut it , cal . solid opening drive , though . ducks d must tighten up . bring on the ' o ' offense
i followed yuhh now yuhh follow me please
you got that right . go cubs !
i plan to do both ! rt : what's ur next move ? we need folks like u fighting for the city & putting families 1st .
congrats on the very successful $yelp ipo today .
i'm leaving chicago for the 4th of july . because i'm not a huge fan of , you know , people .
salem used to have one at market and i-5 back in the 90s
#iwanttopunchpeoplewho say swag
hot*pop @ 213 broadway in the third ward ! huge group show hanging for one more week . tons of great stuff .
great ! keep us posted ! wordswordswords : excited to have an event in denver this friday night . . . #trauma #denver #military wordswordswords
i get mean when i'm hungry & can't eat wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
#fitness #exercise excuse of the day : i had to work late . what's your excuse ?
wishing it was spring right now . ..and on a very cool rollercoaster . ..that would be sweet
welcome to twitter . it's michal :)
i think you would make an excellent toll booth operator .
i am starting to wonder about bettman . i heard the nhl all star game for 2013 is columbus . glendale was also on the list .
good morning ! make it a great day . . .
someone with brain cells left in their noggin want to write this wannabes hoot night press release for me ?
whew ! it did go fast . ..now let's not let our klout scores drop over the next few weeks !
u must have paid someone off when it came to naming w . that letter is clearly double-v . that or they just got lazy towards the end .
this is funny !
rt : be faithful unto death , and i will give you the crown of life . rev . 2:10
accessibility camp dc will be oct , 9 , 2010 . registration will open monday august 16 , 2010 , at 12 pm est . looking into hotel pricing .
i said nike made them . . and i'm pretty sure it's a one time deal . he preceded to rant on players leaving early , not graduating
first two picks were a given
hi again skip , i'm doing still photo/journalism in the airforce . could i translate that to a tv career on espn in the futur
<--- just got a fresh cut
so happy my su student alexis sadoti will be home for the holidays
why did espn hold the syracuse sex tape for eight yrs . they persecuted paterno and are giving the same answers he gave .
caleb , you look like a kid in a scary movie . i feel like a creepily sung nursery rhyme should be playing in the background
friendship is one mind in two bodies . -mencius
happy chocolate day ! rt if you love chocolate !
" drunk as hell but no throwin up half way home & my pager still blowin up today i didnt even have 2 use my ak i gotta say it was a good day "
: i " like " your fb page today ! you are my kind of girlfriend . enjoy ! !
heading to woodstock on tuesday and then chicago after xmas . soon ! when are you visiting ;)
semester over and accelerated summer semesters start monday . .working hard to get this mba and it ends in august
hey brian ! how's your evening ?
my #octoberwish is to get straight a's again so my daddy will buy me another new puppy ! !
gotta pocket full of cash we can blow.<3
hey i just wanted to say that my girlfriend who died recently loved you and i have so much respect for you .
so cold wordswordswords
seem to be a lot of people sleeping in today . . .
it's hard to believe but has made an even better product . a near perfect reading experience .
" texas is to america what america is to the rest of the world . " - brendon walsh
i will try to make it , even though my dance card is a little full tonight . love the art you guys show there !
bridesmaids was so good , i'd be pissed if they made a sequel !
every israeli will agree that they need changes in the israeli govt . it can't start with hamas murdering civilians . do your part !
thanks for the tweet :) !
can't wait oscar !
i wonder if #oomf still hates me ?
who's walking in the autism walk in april , here in milwaukee ? we are!! ! contact us for team shirts!! ! !
happy mother's day y'all!took my mom to the pit to get some good bbq for lunch . made sure it was nc bbq , not that intolerant mississippi bbq
i know its crazy . we had planned to interview today but the whole site is down for a few hours .
raps hard
best picture !
teach kids to become media literate . question what they see . think about it . watch actively . --geena davis
is bi-racialism a word ?
that's very true :p so are you
like we care what they think . . because we'll be seeing them there as well (judge not , lest ye be judged . ..)
but i have enough artifacts of print history around that his collections would make me look like a hoarder .
" : what is meant for you will be yours . itwordswordswordss only a matter of time . #tls "
i wrote a song about war .
eh jus got to live wit it my family does in mexico
your welcome
;-) rt very well & t/u ! #manners rt lol , hi lamont ! how are you ? rt hi
we will be closed sunday & monday next week , call for appointments if you want to get in before labor day !
rt : looking good , modeling some of the handbags that were featured on the morning blend earlier! . . .
to this day , i have to ask people to date what they are doing . sam .
true! ! always the voice of rationality , i think i may have my priorities mixed up ! i hope you drank one for me !
on the #bizzydiet phase 2 will i still lose bodyfat&w8 ? also the 21day phase1 forms a habit and stokes metabolic rate great
love the new pic !
i got my drivers licence today so i am officially an indiana resident !
thanks for the #gatsby shout out !
trust me they are hard . .
hi everyone ! we started a new twitter page for the city center at 735 to encompass our newly transformed commercial real estate complex .
say hi to jaycee please!!!! ! !
off to madison for the women's health conference . . .
the brewers have started wearing ruby slippers .
u still have the motif ?
it's not that i'm so smart , it's just that i stay with problems longer . ~albert einstein
just in to cnn : special prosecutor angela corey in #trayvonmartin case says she will not use grand jury to prosecute
and called him garbage lmao
someone on my bus has fried chicken . this is not ok .
simply tell us who you think will play in the super bowl for a chance to win $10 ! reply w/answer to enter . ends today !
some amazingly creative minds and souls coming together . this looks like it will be absolutely brilliant .
not necessarily - early round sites not tied to regions
beautiful day to get out and
working , drinking , and then that time of the year again . . . .ap tour ! with my girly :)
this new school looks like prison
hoveround takes me where i wanna go .
thanks for tweeting that #e01 . i'm running late :(
good morning folks ! feeling awesome today ! i'm kicking my diet up and gonna cut all sugar out ! just 1 dinner diet coke !
what are you supposed to say if you have chris brown as your blackjack dealer and you need another card ?
omg lmao ! alright man what ever floats your boat . aha
finna take a long walk
just know that your favorite cookie will never live up to meeting
48 hrs mystery tonite . ..hoping they preview our show that will air next week . ..getting so excited !
flynn for the win !
i really want to read your book! ! i may have to just get it! ! !
are there casting calls for " most ignorant mf'as " on fox news or am i expected to believe its a coincidence ?
hahah i respond to all my replies ( :
rt : cain status official : " piers morgan tonight : gop front-runner herman cain for the hour-tonight at 9pm "
keep promoting your shoes ! joe needs to see them !
on a side note , cap'n crunch is amazing
rt : fast shouts and for always doing stellar work! ! you def want to do work with them !
,,,,also you can place orders : we have keylime , strawberry overload , lemon , banana-chocolate toffee & sweet potatoe pie .
where in va ?
dash diet gaining popularity , ranked #1 by us news and world report .
realizations can hit you like a ton of bricks . . .
will do if u do the same ! i have 2 to finish ! wordswordswords : goal for the month ? to update my photography website . keep me #accountable friends!wordswordswords
julie taymor is a visionary director . . . except her visions are terrible .
does info design mitigate conflict ?
not fair guys . have not seen the crwordswordse live since dr feelgood and you don't invite me!! ! ?
happy earth day ! we should always have the earth nice , cleaned & recycled ! plant a tree !
very nice , you deserve it! ! i poured me another jack & dew:) tis the season ! !
the reports about #cnn buying are not kosher . i like b/c they aren't mainstream . $200 million is a strong incentive .
you still got me hunn( :
the night is long ;)
do yous like dashboard confessional ?
ceelo went the other way
i hope it's a rivalry and not a changing of the guard . rt : it's pretty damn cool to watch the birth of a rivalry live .
just signed with lewis and beal for commercial representation !
it's a polling place , unfortunately . great idea . ..that'll be time well spent :)
one of the secrets of life is to make stepping stones out of stumbling blocks .
haha i won't tell anyone
johnson walks valencia and parmalee comes up for the #twins . #orioles up 4-2 with runner on first for minnesota .
although if you can't watch them all , iron man and thor would be best . bad guy in avengers is from thor .
lmao! . .why my sis just bless me wit holy water ? !
get a little ironing done ?
be kind to my k9 that you're picking up
when people try to talk to you in mid repetition .
our favorite part of shoot days like today ? 3pm = snack time .
developer challenge session will take place on the mainstage at spring fling : matchpoint boston - 4pm ! don't miss out .
i know . this is hard to believe , but i'm w/o internet again . time warner cable : setting the bar for worst uptime in the universe .
wow . vitalcheck.com promises birth certificates in 3-4 days . i submitted 2 weeks ago . :-(
hahahahah he's annoying !
what happened . ..didnt fans chase them and they stopped coming to meet fans individually
you sometimes think you want to disappear , but all you really want is to be found .
just drove :)
welcome backwordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords lol
i know , i know . complete fail on my part !
will do !
well , i guess you can't have a room of your own and a room with a view . i hope it's a nice service station at least ! :)
tomorrow , phame films a very special commercial to announce an incredible " willy wonka " campaign that will rock your world . . . more soon . . . !
whenever i find a bug in a piece of testing code , i feel like there's some kind of great crisis in the universe .
this is so transparent it makes me feel dumber .
wordswordswordsbe as simple as you can be ; you will be astonished to see how uncomplicated and happy your life can become.wordswordswords -paramahansa yogananda
congrats ! rt : just finished in the top 5 of louisville venture shark prelim round ! on to the finals may 2 !
hey , i never need to see another interview on horseback .
i had just been thinking of you ! i finished 508 ! whoa . ..if you are free soon - let me know , i will come meet you
wordswordswords : rid yourself of enemies by making them your friends (lincoln)wordswordswords
saw many naughty santas in upper haight tonight . had to warn child that smoking and drinking santas are imposters .
i will( :
waiting for dan savage to speak and i'm very excited . he is a true american hero . it gets better !
when an emerging tech becomes an emerging cultural experience - then a brand needs to participate .
some weather ? na us in the 5280 are used to it !
at 10pm on a friday night ? i thought i was old just by being in lol rt : im so tired
took my box over to my new desk in ill today . . . looking forward to joining that office and learning some new stuff next week !
i live my life eryday trying to prove things to myself . ..if you have to impress others they shldnt b in ya circle , or u needa quit bein lame
use repcode maryjaneeater at #karmaloop.com and #plndr.com for 20% off purchase + 10% off for life ! retweet to share with friends ! :)
thanks for believing in us ! we're glad to work on your jobs .
is loving his summer .
i agree mlb legends are born in october
one downside of #lisa10 - i'm " working " on a holiday .
wordswordswords : oh yall tryen to set me up ? got all yall friends calling in lmao , you did a great job.wordswordswords thanks sis
semantic web lolpandas are the next big thing . trust me .
why am i so overwhelmed ?
i love institutional websites that have the drupal favicon .
mba session 2 begins today in bangkok .
too too funny! ! !
and solid flag footballer .
i should probably be looking for an apartment , but that would require me actually moving . . . it can wait :)
whatever i have been fighting off the last couple weeks has started to win .
what did u eat ?
to please or not to please ? smh lmao
brewing up some new ideas and a truly unique value proposition to an old business model .
hey now . . . if you don't want your vacation to an awkward chi town suburb , i'd be happy to take it off your hands for you .
man is a genius when he is dreaming .
i wish my dogs would have told me they were gonna put a tracking device in my body while i was sleeping . i probably wouldn't have woken up .
very nice day to take meetings at restaurants with patios .
barnone with new german friends lol
o this pandora underground hip hop is tight !
submitted book chapter draft to editors . hope they don't tear it apart too much .
sorry . . . .10-4 pm carriage ford is on lewis and clark parkway
thanks for letting me know hun ! sad there's no live stream tho . hopefully videos will be up on youtube for us to see later . :)
cancel my subscription ; i don't need your issues .
consider applying for the samuel proctor oral history programwordswordswordss fall undergraduate internship program . applications due : april 20th .
#best90scouple bobby and whitney
that's so funny ! lmao tell him it got approved ( :
we're closer than you think( ;
working out dwntwn .
i think i accidentally rebuilt the electromagnetic cannon once . oops .
lawyers-you are the expert in your area of law-trust the marketing to us-we are your marketing experts !
definitely debating on not even attempting my 74 question precalc review due tomorrow . .
many thanks to chef brust for the amazing meal and to lauren , mark w and mark s for the after dinner coffee and conversation !
#fridayreads none shall look back by caroline gordon and waugh's a handful of dust .
celebrity takeover going great ! esp love the pics is posting on
mine too! ! weekday-weekends are just swell , eh ?
this is your world . shape it or someone else will .
finished writing the next #songforyou tune last night . any guesses on what it's about ?
peyton manning to baltimore ?
avengers was too dope
love this ! rt : mcginty : his boss boyd character on #boardwalkempire , name is a tip of the hat to an archivist
what about audiences who use social media only to complain about your institution ? how to handle ?
happy birthday to you ! happy birthday to you ! happy birthday dear chris ! happy birthday to you!( : hope your day is great !
ok . . . .im listening to french kiss by n im curious . . . .where is a bottom lip on our pussy ?
rockin ' the end of the year bash in garland , tx on dec . 10th! ! !
happy v-day everyone! ! rt for the valentine day i be happy for the king kong bundy to have sex with the sandra bullock
have you got your taxes done ? i can help
it was an incredible experience . i am not unfortunately . the fam is in destin this week and will be coming home on sunday
#2behonest i am a talented rapper , singer , and producer
less than three you
isn't twitter fun ?
just want to go home and sleep
omg you're killing me .
we help women seek treatment by allowing their children to live with them .
figuring out my birthday plans
rt this if you're hispanic and proud :)
the kiddos refuse to go to sleep until they've received their kiss and their hug from mommy , oh how sweet indeed !
have you heard yet ?
rt house budget cuts will kick 280,000 kids off school lunch program . vote to
:-) at this mexican restaurant w/ the moms . <3
" draw a rainbow . " " awe did you draw bieber ? ! "
in music meeting the hold steady wordswordswordshurricanejwordswordswords heard this the other day and i likey ! cool guitar and the lyrics are twisted
company rain- sunny all day work and start raining when you get home .
len start busting out some 10's! ! they have been deserved several times this season ! give donald driver a ten cranky judge !
where were you today cuz ? big coop was in the parking lot today after work
wordswordswords : child development <<<<<<<<<<wordswordswords hated that class
i am very satisfied with lenovo computers . i recently purchased two thinkpads for my grandchildren for christmas . sharon -lee washington
keepin it real since 1990 . est forever .
sometimes i don't want to be here .
last home game at the swamp and my brother is starting on the mound !
i was thinking of having a cardboard cut out of me in the background at all times .
i start with me eyes closed . can we artificially open them so i don't start with close eyes ? or do someting ?
good game on nbatv tie game , atl blew a 19pt . lead . chi just went up by two .
i want to love you ! pyt pretty young thing . . need some loovin ! tender lovin girl ! aand i'l take you theeerree ! !
wait are you serious right now ? ! !
me too !
why is taking shots early this good christian morning lol
otay ,otay ill cut it out for a second . ..but im loosing my mind , i dont know if i can handle this much longer
avengers talk forthcoming . beware .
i want a maxi skirt
collection=everything we lend (books,ereaders,scissors , calculators , laptops) , &everything we provide (dbases , noodletools , etc)
a2 : would start my own grassroot organization in nigeria supporting women in business and education (1/2)
pls do ! may already have some stuff , but i had a researcher working on transpeople bullying & was disappointed w our selection
one of my favorite films from toho pictures from japan which is no more is godzilla 2000 .
i did !
he's nice to everyone . the problem is , when he was nice to her , she thought it was because she was special .
it's funny how you think that's funny . it's not funny .
harden need to snap
would she take a sippy cup of (cow) milk instead of breast . i know milk at night isn't great , but just to get over hump
took ' s #mnf pick a couple steps further and bet #chiefs money line and the under , and #blackhawks and the over . bam !
pitt/psu rivalry is dead . i'll be surprised if it comes back . . . .so good luck coach o'brien
i heard what makes you beautiful in body central yesterday! ! people were looking at me because i was singing along lol
wordswordswords : crusasers win!! ! stephens delivers game-winning 3 to propel men's basketball to 64-61 victory over sewanee (tn).wordswordswords
#rva #amzgrz #vcnva donate to virginia conservation network . double your dollars !
john . ..i'm doing fine ! nice to hear from you it got cancelled . ..apparently they lost funding .
read valentine in two gentlemen of verona with last night . so much fun , i forgot to tweet . thanks to everyone who supported !
steve jobs johnny cash bob hope . no jobs no cash no hope . please rt .
hahaha and i just confirmed that has never happened to us on a sunday morning
once i get a job . ..1 . save up money for tomorrow land wordswordswords
rt okay i'm going hard in the paint with my health (diet,exercise,sleep) no more games ! i need to whip it in shape !
drats , thanks . how you doing ? haven't heard from you since school ended . . . she was on in the very beginning !
arrrrrrg ! why is this happening to me ?
yeah i can't sleep
omg loved the runaways and letters to juliet!! ! chris egan is h-o-t caliente!!!!! ! what a hottie aussie ! !
i'm off to bed and it's only half past noon go ahead and judge i don't care . good night :)
i feel like i wear the same thing every day :/
lol! ! it's not hard !
i walk everywhere , but it's hot in florida in the summer and somethings are far away .
rt : wimax making us resurgence thanks to new mvnos and now sprint's prepaid brands . device vendors have some decisions to . . .
the fact that we have this conversation years ago and still won't admit girls poop and fart lmao -__-
good for you
i told my aunties happy mothers day nd i love you nd all they said was thanks . smh i see
people kill people who kill people to show people that killing people is wrong .
in adult school -.-
new york boys are so much hotter than la boys . just saying .
this game so hype
(c) she is his girlfriend shouldnt we be happy ? he has waited for a girlfriend for the longest time ! he is 18 going on 19 ! he is aloud (c)
if you could pass everything along to me that would be great . . .
" an then i saw the light " ha !
well , that i don't doubt at all ;)
she's only about 7 she just always looks miserable
nobody's getting over me . i got the swag and it's pumping out my testes !
magnum p.i . juniors t-shirt hawaiian life turquoise tee shirt
i love all these libra things yu retweet
thanks for the free ticket rc ! <3 i'll send that picture asap .
not sure who tweeted it but awesome ! " did madonna just sing , " i'm sixty and i know it . "
all i want to do is vivre la vie for real . . . . .
have you sent in your submissions for the atec/emac showcase this year ? deadline is tomorrow !
looks like i'm not going to the banquet . sorry
i take it some things never change . (o :
rt : rt : i have my family and i have god .
thanks for the mention and visiting us . i am glad you enjoyed the sandwich !
some of the shxt i've been through i wouldn't wish on my worst enemy . . . but it has made me tougher nonetheless
how is it i can be so addicted to something like food network and yet i don't cook
gloss moderne high-gloss shampoo extends the life of a keratin treatment (which i assume is the same as a brazilian)
glad to hear it !
becuase your not supposed to
4 things we say at new tech : 1 : i need a charger ! 2 . do you have a dollar ? 3 . when am i gonna need to know this ? 4 . mr . martin !
yep . . . they just need to get me the cds in hand . . every 2 weeks we have events giving out free promo from different artists . . .
michigan is finally . . . .finally back
my life = work and school
#littlehurricanne is a pretty amazing band . like how its a guitar and drums duo and there is a girl playing the drums
urgent! ! ' s dog escaped from the house-if u see a tan greyhound loose in hillcrest area please let her know . please rt
my mother's day morning starting off with breakfast in bed #lovin it
it was clouded and the wind was blowing lol
well , dang . lol
after events at the harvard law school and today's great spread , i've come to associate john palfrey with fabulous pastry . . . .
happy earth day , everyone !
me too
#moon safari to be included in the #women in the heights show curated by andrea arroyo at pv march 8 , 2012 . 6-8pm
3m is the gold standard in taking social insights to affect change across the entire company via
" you tell those spiders ron . "
drove back from reno at 2am today . .now working a 9 hour shift . ..going to be a looonnnggggg night !
i partied! ! !
just got done with practice . btw . check out www.kincadeapparel.com . new sponsor !
hah yeah it's starting !
looking forward to crawling into some
there's smthing beautiful & scary about honesty . ..it's real & no place to hide
happy long (and well-deserved) weekend to all our north american friends ! eat , sleep , drink , swim , tan , play , run , dance , work . . . rock on !
tiger was swinging the way he wanted to . im sure of it . i dont think he needs a coach .
support #lastthursday , keep the party alive ! consider donating to friends of last thursday . they have a booth between 19th n 20th . thanks !
we do too :) rt : i love hawaii
ya mavs won ! !
appreciate the nice post re : new lawyer books : " the curmudgeon's guide and swimming lessons for baby sharks are both excellent "
windy windy windy! ! !
looking for an ios developer for a leader in the b2c industry !
im goin 2 be yellin @ kris dumphries all night at the nets game . i want to make sure he knows how dumb the guy in the 17th row thinks he is !
thank you for your comment/opinion ! !
thanks buddy ! !
are your #avengers vs . dark knight comparisons adjusted for avengers inflated 3-d prices ?
these girls are nasty
sounds kind of fascinating to me . no ?
yikes . ..which is it ?
wow ! that's close - hooray for
i left my room at 9:00am and my battery was at 100% , it's only been two hours and i'm already at 54% smh is me or is it my phone ? wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
i love when positive biz growth happens to a beloved , dear colleague :) love the name change ! congrats . lookin ' fwd to oct 1
gosh i want some more fried fish .
rt : new book destination~ vienna wwii 783rd /465th us navigator-15th aaf by waterbury teacher kevin w edwards-retweet ?
it's a great word . find me a better word that means the same thing and i'll work it into the mix .
todays second word of the day : banal
just saw a rainbow ! awesome .
there's nothing less rewarding than finishing video games , and nothing more rewarding than finishing your own art projects . all in one day
lol . . . i know , i was just playing sweety . . . but what are you doing ?
email fm donnie collins-"groin or quad injury . in int lg , there is only a 7-day dl . "
back in cali , i luv it and hate it !
thanks for the support !
morning cardio . ..check ! barre at tonight with
back to work tomorrow . . . have a great week , everyone ! !
park it like its hot yo
oh , what did you get ?
i no u got my txt
let's start over !
where are my coog fans ? i think thursday's game is on tv .
excited to play today w/ ! plays at 3:30 follow by !
on way to a murder mystery tonight . .hope i'm not part of the show !
i used to live in hawaii actually haha , tickets are too expensive at the moment . but def . planning to go soon ! what's your deal ?
love this green queen .
they're actually called soft smores :p
lol ! no worries . great fodder for disciplinary jargon discussions . (yeah , i'm in class prep mode)
i thought it was good . . . only a few hangover-ish/totally insane comedy scenes , but it definitely had me laughing out loud !
joe hite will be on the keys tonight ! stop in after jazz for some great cocktails served by fantastic bartenders !
wearing my finn hat in public cause . . . . you know , yolo
it's open to the public , i'll post the link , don't remember the cost
what is the feeling that you've smelled a certain skunk before ? deja phew !
2.5 percent earning $111,750 for a family of four will face financial hardship should they have greater health care needs .
" i don't know what just came over me . i just really wanted to clap my hands fast . " #what ?
just know that we're here , and always gonna be your crew . we always will be by your side . big family ! te amo . follow me ?
five hours until the mlb2k12 giveaway on nwsports tonight !
hello , jessica - i'm in the office today.you're on my list of follow-up calls . would you like to have that chat ?
wordswordswordschildren will not remember you for the material things you provided but for the feeling that you cherished them.wordswordswords
i believe in you #nyg . you can do it ! one possession game . just don't have any more turnovers .
any suggestions for harlem happy hr ? help :)
teal comes home until sunday . no more single dog mom this month .
good lookin out bro as always . its people like you that really put the city on
thanks again . any time you would like to chat , please dint hesitate to contact me .
im sorry i just cant control my ovaries . his body is so asdfghjkl . unff <33
core of my teaching philosophy = " you are more than just a question " #libteachthis such a great day for big ideas ! librarians rock !
love the new song! ! !
is that in texas ? then to florence and i'm staying there
girl i hope i get in ! wish me luck ! !
ikr!!! ! i love making people laugh! ! !
#ff amazing #socialmedia ! join us in person or online
haha , sounds good .
love u guys! ! we all workout , run , bike , exercise - why ? because we love to eat (and tweet) lol
#complimentsomeoneoftheoppositesexday you don't suck , unless you've bitten someone & in that case you totally do .
apparently it has become acceptable to wear gloves in the middle of july
what upcoming theatre event are you most looking forward to in 2012 ?
(live) " how do we find ways to express personal vulnerability ? " great q . isn't it abt taking risks ? cultural barriers ?
fulltime needs:project mgr with it pmlc , resource mangmnt,budgets,risk clients in tx . pls send resume to
follow . . . . . . big things coming soon !
famous last words - my chemical romance
who has a sad face and just got banned from facebook ? this girl:(
that #awkwardmoment when you're in the movie theater and a scary part comes up and you're the only one who screams . haha
join the #socialmedia speakers series on 5/16 w/ me & ! follow #promoyou :)
well . ..not as bad as world series 1997 , game 5 of ecsf 2010 , the drive , 2007 nba finals . ..the list goes on . ..but this gm is added to it
the choice is yours
so god !
saw lion king 3d this evening , with my little brother jacob . i ended up teaching him the message behind the movie . .
on my way to the airport !
lets go!( : " : trying to go to chicago this spring break forsure! ! :p "
i'll be there !
feeling insane and irritable so i decided to listen to some chuck schuldiner solos to soothe me . ..it just made me crazier .
the pacers are taking their talents to south beach .
re : spider silk tapestry . correction : opens fri 6/3 . through oct . see it !
now voyager gurus , can you configure voyager to display call number in a title or subject search ?
shootin in a human waste site , n some valve keeps farting on my gear
if i were a billionaire i would have free quit-smoking resorts where people stay for 10 days poolside without cigarettes ! they'd all quit !
do chinese people get english sayings tattooed on their bodies ?
yea man . i wonder what was on his mind
i may be an idiot , but at least i'm not you . ..that would suck so much more ;)
#shoutout to thanks for the
might swell put the phone in on radio merseyside on for a laugh .
good morning to all !
just watched #fargo for the first time . coen-tastic !
after 7 years , 5 macs : 1st unrecoverable corrupt volume . any bets whether reformat works ? #mactragedy (last backup only 4d old ! #phew)
the bummer of an afternoon i was having is quickly turning around with the reappearance of sunshine . and music .
#newarrivals a sea of markdowns taken in womens apparel this morning ! over 40 fixtures of clearance in womens . get over here !
defeat is not the worst of failures . not to have tried is the true failure . george edward woodberry
why did you desert us so entirely ? , melisa
only 24 hours left ! check it out and get in on the action ! www.portlandboattours.com
i am a rebellious personality , and find following a training plan to be so very hard . does anyone else feel the same way ? gotta stick to it !
that's the attitude i like to say this but i feel i will someday . ..wordswordswords c :
i may as well rename draco to scooby . he's scared of everything .
had a great night at howloscream last night . going back on the 23rd of october , who's up or more scares ?
so perfect
i don't use drugs , my dreams are frightening enough
with god all things are possible .
i love my bed wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords good night !
i wish my friend had a twitter or fb
thanks to all the people following my friends .
- if that's not lebron , that's ok , thats why you have d wade <<<<< people don't get that this ain"t cleveland
thanks ! i enjoyed talking to you , looking forward to you joining the doctoral crowd . good luck with your packed semester !
it's alot of females who need to feel this way
going through ancient paper files . achoo !
:/ why so bitter all the sudden ?
beauty catches the attention but character catches the heart . .
is working on our company emails . imap here we come .
i have been taking classes and doing workshops . where is a good place to do them besides actor key and sag foundation ?
its like a funnel cake donut or something its wonderful
. i am so jealous ! really wanted to go . is one of my favorite podcasts !
i'm from minnesota but now i live in orange county . how bout yourself ?
: ' it's not ridiculous that i match my manicure to my cycling shorts , right ? right ? ' ha ! nope .
looks like a good 6 man tag match
was expecting my first revelation in india to be really profound , turns out the only thing ive noticed so far are the chipmunks
for the life of me i cannot find a nice clip of a ridiculous cop show searching online and finding what they need instantly
welcome to the neighborhood !
protest oligarchic power , backroom dominance of government & usurping of the regulatory structure from within .
i have eaten far too many peanut m&ms today . but they just kept following me around the house . couldn't just leave them there .
happy 21st birthday to ! :)
i am officially old . . . . " friends " will be on nick
welcomes new fellows today : dr . madge dresser of the univ . of the west of england and steve scott of george mason univ .
only 2 people followed ? lest go guys follow me other twitter . i'ii follow all guys .
no you're not
very cute
malaya business insight
are you ready for the new year ?
hahahaha what an embarrassment to human kind #loveher she would of brought her gel nailpolish and paint everyone's nails
happy birthday cookie miss you !
you'll have to change your twitter avatar now to one with no glasses . :)
cause i'm broken when i'm lonesome
jobless claims tumble to lowest level since 2008 :
show this morning for school groups at times square arts center !
sad part is kobe folded in the last few minutes , cant believe i'm saying that
what i do ? lol rt man she is too foolish i swear u gone wana fight her ass
grateful ! rt : gorgeous , carefree la morning . can't help thinking there are so many places where today is not a good day .
#ff great artists to follow . warm wishes for your weekend ! !
looking forward to it ! that's at 2:30 , right ?
thanks karine ! you rock ! we'll be posting new songs soon so keep it touch with us !
good morning . . . happy sunday
like wow . rt : #ff along with a full tongue in your mouth , swallow you whole kiss . ..damn
i think i just woke up with homeward bound's theme song stuck in my head . . . .idk how to feel about this . . . .
jksnfosdjngosdvosdinosidvn #bachelorette this jackson guy who is a " fitness model "
if you *couldn't care less , why have you tweeted about it so much ?
u know what i'm scared of tweeting to much because i'm scared that my followers will think in annoying and stop following me or hate me :-(
love in the time of allergies
" 2011 : every day i'm shuffling . 1836 : each and every riseth of the sun i will be moving thy feet in a whimsical manner.wordswordswords
:( u didnt comment pic i sent u
lol . . . .gotta get your mind onto something else instead of the work bs . why not something that looks cool ? lol
got tickets to the midnight show of hunger games!!!!! ! eep !
favorite place in tampa : downtown . favorite place in florida : ooorrrlllaaannndddooo
when you know your dreams will come true , time isn't an issue . learn to let it go . . .
working . . . checking this cool site out ! !
this weekend is gonna be hell
gonna have a great gig tonight at sarris ' . . . a new club in a great old location! ! but first . . . off to the gym . . .
ppl who work at fast food places b having a attitude n b mad all the time . . . . . . .
the funniest thing you can do when someone tries to brag is just be happy for them , not jealous . don't give them what the reaction they want
listening to sports center . . . they ask how you can replace . . . . . you cant . .
trying to find more uses for google wave
party tonight @ 9:00 pm free event dj+live percussions+video projections 555 w . 7th street los angeles ca 90014 www.sevenbarlounge.com
you that looks good because i am full as a tick fresh off a dog & i would still eat that right here , right now .
why is she rolling on the ground though ? ! ? maury is crackin up . lol
i wish i felt as much passion for something as my dogs feel towards the doorbell
opening my new roomba
howdy , need to ask a favor : i am trying to get demographics for the folks that bought my book , as it seems that there is transparency . help ?
" but darlin ' you are the only exception . . . "
thanks for the #ff love . you both had some killer lists .
i follow everyone that follows me ;d
thank you very much :)
rt : that awkward moment when your friend is friends with the person you hate .
oh i was watching that . then i watched it again .
come see clue this weekend at
now real estate tiny desk concert
we are blessed beyond all measure :)
we are nfocus now twitter is a rockin
rally crowd joining hands around capitol to beatles ' " revolution . "
sit down to do homework . ..open facebook . actually start on homework 2 hours later .
best fb post i've seen : if you watch godzilla vs king kong backwards , it's about two monsters who forget their differences and build a city .
excited to be heading to conference with clockwork is invading nyc !
lol ! you are on fire this morning . i'm scurred . ..i think i might need to bring a tranquilizer for you tonight !
if your avi is not a pic of u , either your ugly or fat ! i'm the latter ! it should be in ur profile info !
and not get burned ?
come see me for your waxing needs this sat-mon .
i don't care what you say , i love those hornets mardi gras uniforms . they are clearly distracting lin .
: let go of the word hate , it compromises your nervous system and causes sickness .
#koolin enjoying the breeze !
hope my mommy lets me go to my babys game at 10:00pm wordswordswords
u got things ready for summer of love ? also let me know next fusion date may take some youth! ! !
hiya jason ! i was wondering what is your current song at the moment ?
who taught #tebow how to throw a football ? his dads
look at the spam email subjects : " my boyfriend left me . i am acqueline santiago " lol
hahaha great idea , " don't forget to bring a towel "
turnout off to slow start on primary #electionday in
i'm really hate the boston weather right now
i need to wash my hair
i get annoyed easily .
(finally) got my car ! yay for mobility .
wordswordswords : bsb : aggies extend their winning streak to eight games after defeating no . 5 arizona 13-8 on wednesday.wordswordswords ookkaayyy ! !
dear self : " someone is wrong on the internet " is not a valid excuse for being late .
please explain
2 . buy local if you can . in la , we recommend skylight books
2 days left of work , 2 exams , 1 final presentation , and tons of packing . . . . . i can do it
seriously needed a relaxing day/night . . doing nothing .
you ruined my night .
85 degrees in the house ! 10%humidity , that makes it bearable , right ?
am i the only one dreading these last two days lf . . ?
still hoping to find her . hope she's looking for me too .
you'd better more than think ! rt i think . . . i think there is a baseball game today . :)
sounds like a cool job to me ! rt : enologists are wine chemists who analyze samples of wine and advise winemakers
live , laugh . love . ..repeat as needed
dont like city for a # of reasons . don't like man u because of their fans who cried when they were purchased by americans
i met a guy the other day selling pine cones on ebay wordswordswords lots of pine cones ! i can't stop thinking about that .
if greek doesn't show up you may have voted for us already
anytime ! travel safely . next time : windy city ! rt : for sure ! thanks for inviting us out !
here's to hoping i sleep tonight . 3 hours a day for 4 days in a row now and i'm going mental !
see you in a bit homies !
glad dis pic is still in the 92q recent pics! ! i miss dem ravens ! !
you're so positive ;)
:) rt : whenever iwordswordswordsm back in nyc i always make sure to call my grandmother ! wordswordswords zs
do you agree a rushed investigation makes a weaker case and enhances chance of acquittal . hasty helps shooter's lawyers .
what day is it ? lol
very true
sourcebooks has xtensive research methodology for testing covers , title . with agile publishing , they'll do more .
also , so to the guy who came up to me , said " nice jersey . actually , f*** russell branyan , i'm a cubs fan . " then got arrested 10 steps later .
have u heard about it ? did it :)
cripes . between that anm mario will you ever leave your house ?
music moves me !
follow me on instagram my name is leah_boo
i wish there was an app for finding out the boys phone number in the car next to you . . .
be careful what you wish for because you might get it and it whinds up being something you don't want !
i'm good ( : what about you
riding a wind trainer on a beautiful day sucks! ! !
my email is and phone is 602-624-0303 . let's connect soon .
cab-metronorth-subway-shuttle-jfk = blows
what the **** is wrong with you!! ! your the ugly one stop it ! !
mayweather all the way . my dad wants cotto , though . bahhh .
how are yeh mario sir .
i officially cannot sleep without having a nightmare . .
even better ! sounds delightful . see you there .
looking like a sixie today with a ton of books in my bag . aren't finals supposed to mean carrying less books ?
just got engaged ? i'm your future wedding photographer ! 2011 weddings are booking !
lol ! rt labor day message from is like a christmas card from the devil .
phantom confetti still falling at miller park . i'll take it as another omen .
i love the sims 3
damn then i gotta take a trip out to scarletts then
follow if jou love one direction !
athens is fun
any baby news yet ?
the m.a.d . caregiver may be close to throwing in the towel . . .
r.i.p joe paterno you are a legend and will be remembered for that !
husky football 2009 : a return to winning !
happy monday to you ! hope you have a great week .
tonight my 2-yr-old stuck his fingers in 3 unattended cupcakes , bit into a 4th cupcake , and walked off with a 5th . he's like goldilocks .
it's an absolutely beautiful day today ! has fall arrived ! it's so cool , i think i'll work in the gardens today ! what a fantastic holiday !
leave plz bye
oh boy , tell me your fantasy .
hahaha oh , moms .
" letwordswordswordss just hope the indians arenwordswordswordst considering entrusting damon with starting left field duties . " lolz
and i will let you choke on the noose around your neck . such a great song( ;
happy birthday matt !
hahaha well that's good for sure! ! lol
hope all you moms are having a rockin ' mother's day !
(and the first , quick security scan i did brought up nothing . doing a full scan now . ..)
only arrived yesterday ! and nah , megan fox ;)

and uw cld have cared less then , knowing theyd never face him
. notes that modeling object representations in rdf raises questions like : where are the boundaries of resources
some people r so predictable u can set ur watch by them . push the right buttons & just sit back & watch . can b quite amusing . ;)
hoping to swing an 2010 winter olympic date for our production!! ! !
i'm boreed .
developed such a powerful platform for change . we just need to launch it everywhere . changeby.us .
- i can't wait to read it ! plz come to pittsburgh if you do a book tour ! :)
that's typical laker fans right there lol im sitting next to one . i'm biting my tongue that's why i'm ventin to you haha
thanks for the blog tweets ! hope you're having a lovely day !
i voted for rng but i dnt have an ipod so i cnt take pics ) :
i just had to refollow you ? did something hichup here ?
you lyin . i just sat down in there i rarely ever hit anyone . . . you do know that joseph had my account info right . . .
#whenaustin hangs out with alex and makes cool morning videos ! :d
i appreciate a good texter .
happiness is when what you think , what you say , and what you do are in harmony . -mahatma gandhi
big game thur night . honey badger don't give a s# about oranges !
welcome ! so glad you could join us tonight . can't wait to get your take on being gluten-free in college !
wordswordswords : that's how we roll ! come see us soon here in wichita!wordswordswords heck yea!! ! that needs to happen soon !
this game is gonna get ugly fast
someone please give me the scoop on this #sopa stuff .
the cake boss is making an appearance at the office this afternoon . . . i hope multiple females are dieting this week
is hosting salsa thursdays irie . tonights dance lesson will be dominican style bachata !
add an exclamation point to an email --boom i'm a morning person .
way to answer but let's cool it on penalties please . play smart
ran a 9 min mile tonight ! i know that isn't terribly impressive but it's huge for me . (thanks to for the intervals tip :)
2-day " flash sale " gallery , 231 n . 76th st . , thurs . & fri . more than 200 oils including bankruptcy art at reduced prices .
my pleasure ! you guys and gals are terrific ! best in the business . . .
at the end of the day , it's hard to get around the fact that facebook basically made every other social service completely irrelevant
has anyone been able to #spottheshuttle ? i can't believe neither or thought to do an interactive tracking map !
hey i'm performing in fort myers @ the laugh in cafe , feb 3-4 . tell a friend . great weekend to you ! -mexican wolverine :{///
hum . . . i think the wizard is stealing ' s thunder . . .
october 24th @ 830pm sharp we will be dancing thriller as a tribute to michael jackson while raising money for make a wish foundation! ! =)
staying up texting him though . . > >
when a real man fights , the real man walks away , the other man is air lifted to the er

have any of you done eloqua's training ? recommend it ?
and y'all wonder why i do my own stunts and solo missions!! ! mofos are delusional and annoying ! smh
while y'all are gettin high , i'm working on a future .
hotel bathrooms do , sometimes .
increase your mental state ! !
the dumbest people i know are those who know it all . malcolm forbes
#lifeforce :p :d
i know i'm a day late but congrats to my & owlsports friends on another amazing semester . look forward to what the seniors do !
sweet , i think i remember hearing about that . will check it out
omg it was amazing!! ! #mysummerthemesong <3
i got another single-family 3/br rent-to-own home . located on n . 72nd st . in west allis , wi . visit www.helpingpeoplebuy.com 4 more info .
today is now sunday . the day is here sunday that we all give a few minutes to think of what we do have and have had in the past .
bike rider was in the bike lane . . his family lives in the neighborhood . probably just heading home . how can you not stop ? details at 5pm .
pictures from the oscar's ?
so you read it but you don't reply ? ok i guess .
heading to ct today for meeting on #nsmn #sportstacklescancer . we are expanding successful #sportsbiz charitable program !
. ..lmao you should follow . ..so you . . .
um no who told u that
do you think they can beat baylor ?
feels good working out after all that holiday feasting . thanks camp gladiator !
i remember where i had my bieber fan account than it got hacked and deleted . ._ .
home made chicken pot pie . who knew the secret ingredient was nutmeg ?
not mean , just weirdd
just got this dvd i bought from amazon . amzn.to/icpeh8 who's gonna watch it with me ?
my last apartment in waco had a sugar ant infestation . we couldn't exterminate them , so i just learned to love them .
thanks for the followup !
black people are like phones , we die and/or catch a charge
hello new orleans! ! !
do it , do it , do it !
yes love
hi i can see you what are you doing is that fiji water in your hand
beginning this friday , 4/13 , i'll be re-broadcasting my panda project via another account , wordswordswords(wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords)/
jay-z's life + times site : 10 ways to make it more hov
this " getting over him " thing takes time omg
yay ! my b-day is a month from now :)
hey paul , thank you for the follow ! didn't i just audition for you a couple of months ago :)
enjoying rehersal dinner in a-town with & rest of family . proud of my lil sis katie .
the problem with some people is that when they aren't drunk , they're sober . -william butler yeats
and yes , the honeycrisp apples at ralph's are really worth their almost $4 a pound price tag
" ur dreams are ur paints , the world is ur canvas . believing , is the brush that converts ur dreams into a masterpiece of reality.wordswordswordswordswordswords unknown
quick : i need the location of the aforementioned establishment and flight times for bos > pdx .
it's #rainingmen wat u worried about ?
listening to online radio and ' s " catholic " from #beyondthepale just came on ! fan-freakin-tastic!! ! !
hello . .helloo bosani!! ! you can't go hard every night you have to pick and choose your battles . have you ever played compettive sports ?
a lawful kiss is never worth a stolen one .
last thing i want iz a boyfriend but it wouldn't hurt to have someone comfort me every now and then .
overheard at work - i dont know the difference between a smart phone & a razor . sadness cause my company has several apps
take the love that's right for you and your life door of success opens
why you having surgery ? and happy early birthday! ! !
just saw a woman getting her shoes shined . that's a first .
blue moon drafts are just $2 all day today . enjoy !
. it'll always be " stewardess " to me . or in this case . . . " stewarbro " .
yeah , but the one on the right looks way better ! and , i like julia roberts .
oh yes!! ! must !
there's only one person in the world whose opinion of you matters . they can be found in your mirror .
#thingslongerthannorthkoreasmissilelaunch a movie you watch when you're sleepy
wow ! congrats david !
mario mims
ok now we wait , i will bet you money i will get like 50 followers by tonight . . . oh yeah . .i got car , home fxxxing monkey if you wanna pay ?
- trying out tweetdeck
july 4 weekend with traveling circle live performance thursday and new video screening party friday www.myspace.com/travelingcircle
feeding my family so i hope not :)
these polar bears and i have a lot in common -- we're both addicted to cocacola .
kinda not quite ready for this week to start . *singing " i will survive " to self*
personal day in kc plaza bound
jason forgets dinner on grill now its pizza time . .thank god for delivery . .
been up all nite dealing with alot and still gotta work now ! story of my life . . .
#ritbrickcity how are you getting dowtown for the game ? free shuttle for anyone who has a #rithockey tix !
if you're there early enough , i think photos of main st . could be fun . ' course , it's been 30 years for me ;)
have you ever had the feelin that you was bein had ?
it's very important to put headset in a right location at first.or you'll find unnecessary big pain of your ears after watching out a movie .
#smbootcamp , and #baltimorewow this weekend--jam packed , awesome week !
don't fret your 15 is almost up rt dad addresses viral laptop shooting after daughter's fb post [quotes] - on.mash.to/ymfeaf
i know . it's amazing how difficult it is to get tweeps to go to other websites . specially when u have to give out email/info
thirty-one years of marriage for mom and dad today . hey whoa , that's worth celebrating !
u mad bro ? rt : both of you need to quit imitating me - you are trolling too hard .
got a package in the mail today from sweden . i'm tempted to open it , but i should wait until i can record it for " mailbag thursday " :/
i'm gonna feel really badass when they don't let me in .
i want to try sum so badd now! ! i want to cum to texas!! ! =)
dr . sketchywordswordswordss presents : drawing america where people will bring sketch pads & supplies to draw live models . sunday 6-9pm . enjoy !
good morning
is that for real ?
you are very welcome love
see you soon friends . . .
wyd ? im bored .
not a whole lot . . . enjoying the weekend , gearing up for wednesday's #smlunch - what up with you ? rt what up , drew ?
its so obvious that south beach tow is staged
wifi on my flight . .i land in about 40 minutes . see you tomorrow
fans! ! watch csi miami tonight . . . you will see maxim in a short flashback scene . :))
my friends like it .
a new girl !
thats awesomely funny
top 10 rejected playtex sport tampon #soccer sayings : control the flow of the game
saw mkw in la 4 boardwalk empire event @ tv acad , said he was heading your way for treme wrap party . show him da town now !
i'm thinking of writing scripts and skits . i just need to find someone interesting to write about . someone brilliant . someone fearless .
peace out twitter!!!:]
woohoo i have a hot date with my chink tonight :)
;) it's past your bedtime . . .
well i don't keep sports center on :) i saw jokes on fb about tripping over national championship trophies , but did realize it was literal !
back at hadlock for the the first day of the final homestand . . . . . .my first tweet from work . oh , this is an exciting way to spice up my day .
don't think he is in the building
false . tied for the lead . knoll has league who got a save yesterday . standings are messed up .
rondo bout to go tf off !
donwordswordswordst worry about your kids being bored at the north park festival of arts ! we got you covered w/ the kids art block! . . .
and run over !
bizarrely update !
the stadium looks beautiful tonight haha
" i am the marlow of my mouth " - philip roth , the anatomy lesson .
i'm firm believer in disconnecting *all* sm accts mt do u only tweet about biz ? no ? disconnect yr twitter/linkedin autofeed .
u.s . shoppers spent a record $52.4 billion during the thanksgiving weekend . retail sales climbed 16% , and shoppers spent $398.62 on average .
i see thanks .
you gunna be there tomorrow am ?
tomorrow #eyetracking glasses on tour in stpoelten austria www.eyetracking-glasses.com
yes , are you ? and me too i don't want to go but there's only two more weeks left:-))
i'm listening to religious music . end of world .
major reason i use google+ is not work related . it has an awesome photography community
party all night like animals , wake up feeling like road kill
ready to jumpstart your #workouts and save ? learn about our special offer on the tq5 hybrid home gym today !
it's my birthday ! sweet 16 ! haha . . . tune-in and hang out with me on my bday , live on hot 1035 !
wait . . , what ?
22 , 914 new clients in two years ? limited geography . want to know more ? contact me . results that measure up !
man . . . this older gent threw up on his last lap of go-karting lol . at least he smiled it off xd
who has a 700 credit score and wants to co sign for me so i can get a new truck ? anyone ?
the sound of the hail isn't soothing at all
if your teeth are clenched and your fists are clenched , your lifespan is probably clenched . ~ adabella radici
it's yelp!--tastic ! tonight from 7-9 is the yelp elite squad event . fun things happening on our pool deck . u a yelp ! fan of fuse ? eh ? eh ?
hell ya media center
wish it was you and me !
re . scheduling . be flexible . want to hear some elaboration on that ? ask - he has tales to tell .
hah ! gotta love it ! go bucks !
i'm glad you got caught too - is just a bit too subtle sometimes ;)
and the senior cat , feeling left out , is attempting to send his own tweet by walking across the keyboard . soon he'll want his own account .
now that i've done the #20thingsaboutme i think i should go to sleep :)
we are soo not getting out of here at 4:30 .
dyk : u can puree (mix in a blender) most anything u eat & feed it to ur baby . instant baby food , not processed . save the jars for trips . ez !
. peter and clybourne sittin ' in a tree k-i-s-s-i-n-g . :-p
call me .
voting . . . . . for spanish youth award . .<3 <3
rt : wordswordswords : anything can happen when you take a chance . wordswordswordstroy (high school musical)wordswordswords
rt : q3 name the best bar you've ever been to in the world ! via
[aladin-alert] gallaudet's fiscal year end november 3
i keep urkel like the winslows
homework flow
i have been thinking about grange halls recently , maybe this is an idea that needs to be modernized
this past month of my life has been absolutely life changing and great wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
seriously trust ' s la driving skills over anything . he's the world's best driver and comes with his own gps (his brain)
fun friday hanging around the hilton w and tcfv staff for the bipp conference .
oof i bet that was epic . can't wait .
i've been watching videos all day , now tell me . ..where have you been all my life ? <3
u keep telling itself that . i'm sure that's how yankee fans feel when they go on and on and on #puke about all their titles
no problem is too big for god ! john 16:33 is a great verse to look up if you have time !
everyone works on defending the post and normal screens - how many work on defending screens with the ball in the post ?
<3 u here is to us catching those dreams
paul heyman is back!! ! !
lmao . its like the tin man from wizard of oz . you gotta keep it oiled and lubed carmena !
caution - watch your behind !
the new vinyl window stickers for your cars are here at the command center ! just picked them up and they look amazing :-) -heath
let's go #buckeyes !
have extra ticket to hirshhorn song 1 event this friday evening . interested ? ready for a break w/great art & a spring night ?
usa is easily handling finland surprising its so easy after their problems w kazikstan the other day . go usa !
it's supposed to be over 85 degrees tomorrow and i have to march in a parade in our heavy marching band uniform .
im so sick of you .
. ..i deserve it .
enjoyed chatting with carolyn gilb () at ' s wow presentations . great having her support for our digital marketing efforts .
i guess this is growing up
he smashed andre rison in the middle of a game tho
goodmorning i don't feel good so i'm gunna stay home :) and play blackops :))))
. ..it shows off his curves lmao
you can have a productive day if you had the right coffee .
i get the same way . i haven't run a " couple of miles " since . . . well . . . a long , long time ago in a galaxy far , far away .
when suit shopping , always take a buddy . 2d opinion , salesman buffer , more fun , better results . thanks for the help today , !
richard fish : " everybody's alone . it's just easier to take in a relationship . "
i met mat mchugh , the guy who does extras casting at some place like actors connection . and yeah , it's aftra only . poop .
no ego here , well maybe a little
congrats on your new marketing degree . . .
can't wait for #newtwitter !
if strippers are called exotic dancers , then drug dealers should be called exotic pharmacists .
surrounding yourself with an entourage of " yes men " is the worse thing a famous person can do . you need friends to tell you , you suck ev . . .
i wanted to buy a white bronco , but my white wife said no .
look , liberals . romney would do things differently than bush/cheney . for example , he would waterboard people with aqua velva .
geno leads the league in scoring and #johntortorella leads the league in crying about it .
finding your cadence : listen for the rhythm of the beat . start moving your hips . add your own style . have a drink . repeat .
haha it's very rare i suppose( :
artists ! win 2 tickets to the wpa gala ! best tweet on wordswordswordswhy i love wpawordswordswords before friday noon wins ! use #wpadc to show us what you got !
followed by a tithe offering for the pastor for his service . ha .
is that beach shelter island by chance ? amazing compilation !
you know i'll be looking for you too on that red carpet . get some camera time in!! ! :)
did you say something ?
my school is having a sports day tomorrow . . i actually really wanna go hahah .
i miss my pups . glad i took about ten minutes of video footage of them to watch before sleep , including potty dances and belly rubs
what's going on my y'all . i'm bout to rise and grind , whats have y'all been up to .
the discovery [murals , xultun] is reported in the june issue of national geographic magazine and in the may 11 issue of the journal science .
. . . can't wait until his ass gets out
really , everything came out normal . he advised to lay off the coffee and double up on the mojito's
and me are planning our wedding soon sorry i nullified our vegas slip up shes a detroit girl now
mixx friday & saturday . book your party in advance !
getting ready to go to our neighbor's party with lots of alcohol and a rockin ' band
meatloaf plays the tour bus driver in spice world .
love this ! recommends visiting the for videos with captions and transcripts !
i must have listened to the last deerhunter album a zillion times .
you turned your back on tomorrow , because you forgot yesterday .
interesting piece in the usa today . .no talk about budgeting . also 75% of airline miles wordswordswordsrewardedwordswordswords are never redeemed .
so what am i doing right now ? um . ..hanging out in miami ? i guess hehhe
m , we love scrum .
happy anniversary ! !
if anyone post's pics of radiohead's concert tonight , i'm punching them in the face . .with kisses .
on my way to get my harry potter tickets ! woo hoo ! !
[something witty , definitely w/ some wordplay]
torn between arizona state university and the university of arizona . . .
great work buddy
tested out iplotz today for rapid prototyping & wire framing , really liking it .
porn and nudes are just trashy common nowmake it special do it in person
goooodddniteee world . . gonna actually try to sleep before 3am this time . we'll see if it works folks
nope . broken all day . rapsody it is .
90 day rule . . . .
and we are still working on the . . . stay tuned !
do george clooney and brad pitt love each other more than their significant others ?
i'll be 20 minutes , i go to the store .
my favorite part of print production has to be placing copy . it's like a giant puzzle , with words for pieces .
jireh mobile is proud to announce we are now partnering with the august wilson center for african american culture . to find out about the wordswordswords
i got a whoppa in da car wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
i'm messaging him too ( :
check out cool way to compile news you are interested in .
well i would sincerely hope so .
not working sophomore formal is the best news i've gotten all day .
right now : ne marine drive closed between 33rd and 122nd for bad accident reported at ne 42nd .
i love you , cam !
quote : walkerwordswordswordss new #s are little more than an incredibly transparent effort to create a false reality to mislead wi voters
join us tonight at dave and busters at 6:30 for the 2010 arthritis walk kick off meeting . free to attend .
2 broke girls
such a boring saturday
#icanttakeyouseriously if u always call me and block ur #
you're a genius
please mention me in a tweet
thanks for the rts ! :)
#moviesthatnevergetold all disney movies( :
anal probe
i should really focus on my acting classes . ..but i really want to get back into mma
just when ryan leaf was becoming semi-likable , he decides to call oregon st coach mike riley an idiot . leaf : 14 td's , 36 int
gotta love this time of year . .
happy mom day ! from lucywatches stop by sunday from 11-2pm for your free rose ! open sunday from 11-2pm
congrats on your high school team #hamiltonhuskies going for a fourth straight state championship and 54 game streak !
ive been good sweets thanx for checking up .
: pi bar in san francisco & black star co-op in austin
spongebob . beep beep :(
my childish self really trying to see this clown .
ah ! i cant contain my excitment !
hey shawn , check out who's going to be on set shortly . .
your " true " color is showing!! ! !
updating some goals .
i love that idea-- thank you ! !
it is true that u are a u.s army . . .
u said big meet and i said untill that lucky girl comes we will never know if its big not tryin to b a perv or nothin im js
please tweet at every conference i go to . thanks for all the reading materials .
can't wait to serve you our sonoran . stat tuned , it'll be here soon .
congrats on the new leed certified bldg in anaheim ! yay for great blgs in anaheim !
stop calling yourself sexy . the only thing you turn on is a microwave .
meanwhile , in l.a.'s chinatown . ..tinyurl.com/88c8gnf
i'm watching a dude put on george washington make up .
my condolences to you and yours .
and chava getting hammered in downtown sd ! woo ! team dukes baby ! haha
same here . our broadcast is about halfway through . i'm hoping the crowd boos christina when it happens .
boxer puppies are on the way today !
i 100% approve
not sure ! haha what's yours ?
" buying is emotion backed by logic " roland nairnsey of
be too busy
slowly but surely all the peices will fall together
if was in that dwill line would not have happened
loved from loreal at ommasocial esp liked the community of hair colorists .
is it still outside fort meade in that old motel ? i loved the machine they used to crack enigma .
okay . . . do you remember the strawberry shortcake cartoon char ? i loved her .
don't start it's too early lol
where's the invite ? . ..never tried aussie bbq before . . . .well if you count outback bbq then i have tried it lol
ah , we'll add it to our list .
round two ? wordswordswords with a cup of ramen ;) " : leave it to and i to take shots so early in the moaning."wordswordswords
just finished reading " the sirens of titan " by kurt vonnegut . it was really good , check it out .
same here but im pretty good
" the state of your life is nothing more than a reflection of your state of mind . "
u still do workouts in milwaukee or u done here ?
having smart and productive thoughts . :)
mn peeps , anyone looking for a bni group to join ? dm me if you are , and i'll let you know if your chair is open in my group !
. ..it actually made me examine what i just read and helped me piece things together . thank you ! !
ok but how cuz i'm new at this
raise yo hand if you gots some chocolates , but not the coconut ones they suck
i procastinate even when my homework is makeup . . .
if you were a dessert . what kind of dessert would you be ?
will be visiting my folks so i will miss it . have fun !
today's #wsj has a number of worthwhile articles on the european financial crisis . begin with , wordswordswordshow a radical greek rescue plan fell shortwordswordswords
damn , dude are you stalking your twitter or what ? lol ! love you guys !
i'm pretty sure that's not it . lol
next track . . .
seriously ? polo following economic disaster in europe . that's not reporting , its pure fluff . #weak but i'm not surprised .
" what's the story on that dog ? "
good eating .
love this title for marianne vitale exh @ zach feuer " what i need to do is lighten the f**k up about a lot of sh** " (asterisks are mine)
#starwalk mercury goes direct !
my week is slowly coming to that calm and peaceful end i need .
sitting in the apple store , awaiting my genius bar appt and i really want to pull out my kindle and read #hungergames ! !
glad to see you on twitter , big guy ! it's 2011 . also known as the year of the matus ! :-)
rise and shine gorgeouses ! have a fab thursday ! xoxo
rt i never wore a snapback and probably never will <----- you're missing out on one of life's hidden treasures . . . smh .
hahahaha ! i defy me too ! how are you kind sir ?
another day of record-breaking heat ? warm & partly cloudy with a slight chance for a few showers for your thursday .
" believe you can and you're halfway there "
sounds good you know where i'll be , and tomorrow i'll be around for the games too
i agree . $1 hot dogs are so good . lol
watching the time traveler's wife , <3
voter 212 at precinct 29 in mecklenburg . 125 absentee/early votes already in the house .
paul mccartney is in his stately manor home weeping . this guy is terrible .
its one of their slower songs , but idk it just shows alot of what they can do
i'am belieber :))
ready to fail gym tomorrow ? ;)
happy steve appreciate day !
that's awesome we just added maps to the emails .
wouldn't it be nice if customer service actually meant someone would help you . not at
feels like a good day
yes , we'll look for you at ala ! :)
hey wuts gud fam . . . . i gotta get on here more bro
sandwich is a very mis-labeled town . the antique stores don't sell antiques and there's nothing general about the general store .
" just let me finish my paper ! gosh! " i think we all know what we have to do . #cbswag #cbswag <3
one of the many reasons i think we grew up in a sweet spot of tech . video games , but no social networks or cell phones .
penultimate showing of our pilot , seizure no . 1 , at the fringe festival on friday @ 6:15 . going to be so much fun -- please come join us !
to where ?
great tool ! how can i use this in a team-competition review game in 7th grade ? any suggestions ?
at the mall with the family which means imma go crazy at hot topic with buying so much things !
i will , with antibacterial hand wash . ;)
when there's no new music , i disappear off of the face of the earth .
tired , got everything situated , relaxing till i knock out
we'll both have very big orgasms together michelle ! that's what sharing special moments like this one are all about luv ! xoxo
the real solution to buffett's secretary paying higher tax rate than warren : lower tax rates like so many of us have long urged .
yeah probably a good idea ;)
skrillex never ceases to stop my head from nodding when i put his music on . great stuff !
explain 2 ways in which people are able to resist obedience :) x
tell your brother to text me back ! i miss him :(
i have to stop watching this damn show .
lol self control , get some .
we drank , we fought , he made his ancestors proud .
please oh please let maria be safe ! please !
what kinda of stuffed animal do you like . ? <3
have noone to talk to
so much work to do ughh
asking for one raisin & a glass of diet water in a drive thru .
" luke , i am your test scorer . " " no . it's not true . it'll never be true! "
vegas rt if you could be one place , right now ; where would it be ?
#taboo2 tonight ! ladies free all night ! all 2012 graduates free til 12 !
turn on lions game . wordswordswords : r the bucs really this bad ? unreal . just when u think it can't get any worse , it gets worse.wordswordswords
wow , that was it , huh ? lol . i think their box office return was from one person--glad i know who it is now !
itwordswordswordss never the platform , itwordswordswordss always the message . -
answers to questions that were never asked .
doctors time ( :
bank of america successfully pisses me off at least once a month . this is an abusive relationship . why do i stay ? because it's convenient .
wordswordswordsthe problem with the internet startup craze isnwordswordswordst that too many people are starting companies ; itwordswordswordss that people arenwordswordswordst sticking with itwordswordswords sj
sephora and ulta are helping to slowly make the makeup counter environment obsolete . although it'll still have some bang for a while longer .
not just another pretty face
do you have a skype with video ?
if you donated , grab your shirt from the 1st floor registration desks before going upstairs for lunch ! shirts for all after lunch . =)
reasons today is already the best day : had #bodos for breakfast , i get to see , and i just discovered my new shirt has pockets ! ?
for a sec i thought we were talking about mr . beal , i was like why didnt i get an invite to the 1am pickup game lol
what's up chica ?
americans save less than 5% of their income on average . in india , that rate is closer to 25% , and in china , closer to 50% .
i go with my bad self !
i hope my nuggets pull through tonight
haha , i would do exactly the same :d
crazy friday night . played barbies with a five year old
sorry tommy for spamming c :
good morning to you too!! ! have a great day ! !
[thine] face is not worth sunburning .
will you come to chicago some time ? follow me ? mention me in a tweet ? itd mean the world to me!! ! #thanksily! ! !
i guess i should follow you since i'm going to be one !
f**** ya , it's messed up . ..now we got to rely on boozer . ..sad
rt : pep rally was awesome! ! lights on stage were hot as heck!!lol
#theawkwardmomentwhen you get hit on by a guy but his friend is the one doing all the talking
go and have fun you deserve it .
what is the age for your friday movement show ?
purple swag !
sure is !
yes , we're open tomorrow from 10 a.m . to 8 p.m . the wizard of oz exhibit will be here through may 13 !
check out unknowntruths.com for ebooks available !
making dinner
good morning to you too ! almost friday . . .
i am playing at auggies in the gaylord palms tonight 9-1a.m . in kissimmee , florida
you were great ! #highenergy wordswordswords : spoke today on an #itup2012 panel , on how we can and must get millions enrolled in coverage day 1
wait , what happened last night ?
this is all dead ! i should be outside:/
here's a friendly shout out to all my new followers . thank you so much for showing your love ;)
some pretty epic music last night with video pending .
coming soon : black history trivia!! ! look out for our twitter and facebook page alerts !!! ! !
hanging out with family and friends . . . ..saki bombs and laughs . . .
nobody lives forever , but especially not that homeless person i just ran over
a guy from a my everyday class is at the place i am at . . . it feels really awkward o_o
i would rather lose to you in an argument than to lose you to an argument
#np jaheim - put that women first >>
tonight catch mount kimbie and machinedrum at cervantes masterpiece ballroom in denver , i will be showing my new feather collar accessory !
finally back at h0me . . . tired f0r real !
i always imagined i could be what i wanted to be
all i want for my birthday is him <3
7:41 :) i just need a picture of you jacky please i want a picture of you ! !
staying home along is fun . . . .until you start hearing weird noises o_o
so . .thanks for follow me ! are the best followers<3<3 . .( : i love you<3 always!!thanks for 1087 so exited
ate my cookie wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
miley cyrus hates twillight . . . ..i think i just became a miley fan !
anne romney is using teleprompter
i say its amazing
;) good to know my aim is still true .
i always change up my plans during #readathon !
what is the next music revolution in usa ?
do you wish to rise ? begin by descending . you plan a tower that will pierce the clouds ? lay first the foundation of humility.-st augustine
gh 11 south , we need a polaroid ! rt : rule at tibi - if 2 ppl wears same item to office , we photo " who wore it better " .
prices are very competitive and delivery is timely . they offer powerpoint templates for various sizes . a sure fit !
chansung i saw you !
did you know shakespeare invented the words " assassination " and " bump " ?
we been getting good shots . .just not making none
no , but i direct
teacher : " now class , choose a partner" . *looking at bff* *bff looking at me* teacher : " you can start working now " *\( ' wordswordswords')/ \('wordswordswords ' )/*
i'm lonely . lol
what's touch ? ! ? they stole my jack !
wow i thought i would be the only one up at this time on saturday . guess these drug dealers need to start early . . times are hard !
what are your thoughts on ' s comeback ? i was shocked and saddened when he was banned , im glad to see him back .
make a wish :) it's 11:11
next google product i want to see : google law
thanks ma ;-)
easiest thing to say when someone tell something and yu dont know what to say ! !
she was amazing! ! !
hope to see you @ night by the river benefit this fri @ 7pm ! we're serving fire-roasted meats from sabor & nitrocream ice creams & sorbet !
$wrgl is on my radar today , check this one out
hey , you . yeah , you reading this . i love you . c :
i'm on my way . i have a #boxoftissues in one hand and #food in the other . i'm prepared . ;d
i love bruce willis . he's such a hot ba .
i really dont like the clean version of bitt:-(
fair enough misread
its an amazing song & mv . " : so i finally watched the video to ' father'!!! ! ^^ "
had i known we would have been there ! how'd you like it ?
i remember rocking british knights
" our teenagers lack identity " -cnn
love it . i'll talk with our tech guy and see how to make that a reality . it was great meeting you in person saturday , brad .
noticed that too ! read an article today in canada's globe & mail about canada's high roaming rates in contrast to europe
just pay it forward . when you get out of school and your all smart and what not , and someone needs your help . . make time for them .
the interview requests must be pouring in already
what is your favorite thing about dk ? include hashtag
i stop and give thanks .
to recap today , ahman green wants back in the nfl and liverpool wants to hire pep guardiola . also , i would like a helicopter .
you gotta be kidding me
much more entertaining than giants/falcons
lennar's year end blowout sale ! get off the fence and buy a new lennar home today ! check out our specials at www.lennar.com/sunshinedeals !
also we are thankful for pizza . without it we would starve .
i can rap without sayin nothing .
i love <3
i feel y a - are you going to the + kanon vodka party tonight ?
awesome is an understatement ! my favorite staches are the cop ones !
time 2 get off my feet & sit on my azz !
chill she was on me lol
rt how can i acquire ux design experience on my own ? - ask a local nonprofit to work on their website . help each other out
nice man !
rt : proving the naysayers wrong can give the motivation to succeed , tim storm of fatwallet said at
resnik : ' courts don't produce justice ; social and political will produces justice '
apparently vince young will be the next jp losman . . .
happy birthday to muhammad " the greatest ever " ali . float like a butterfly and sting like a bee for another fifty years champ ! !
happy birthday
you put ur arms around me and im home,how many times will u let me change my mind and turn around i can't decide if ill let u change my
lol that sucks.dude
shout out to all of my new followers . i followed u all . promo me .
come on #packers i love you !
do you question everyday life ? not sure what , or who to trust ? follow today , and free your mind .
please eat better sushi than that .
want to learn more about the kentucky derby or check out some kentucky inspired cookbooks ? check out our book display at the circ desk .
life w/o god has no purpose . life w/o purpose has no meaning .
i haven't had the chance yet , but i have heard great things from many people .
damn , wish i was there . for though , i may just drive over right the f now !
i hate friggin ' headaches . .
#iacrl2012 meeting info seekers on own turf . pirate adventure app for info literacy ! always considered research a treasure seeking activity
that was the most awkward phone call ever !
my husband want you to look at our desktop .
misakikoehn828 thanks for following the hilltop on twitter !
if you are cheating , you are losing . . . . . .
i don't really know what i'm gonna do . but for sure the wrestling thing .
happy birthday & best wishes to our team capt and leader ! have fun in austin buddy !
no doubt , i appreciate that
that is ridiculous !
ur like my executive secretary . dm me the link i need thos studio pro joints
i just want to take someone else's breath away for once
come to disney world with me this spring break ? hahaha
hey everyone . don't forget to wear purple today , october 20 for spirit day
please and thank you !
#mybiggestflaw is im flawless
supposed to be but i don't think i can make it . i feel you tho i don't dance either . you going sunday right ?
#christmasbreak . no more school in 2011 ,
don't like the strap the fist is better . . . .
wasted excitement for hbo tonight , kermit lost pre-bout with the horseshoe cut , and alvarez still not the deal , kirkland savages him !
you nurture me , protect me from those nasty rain storms , and keep me warm on these cold lonely nights . you're the house i've grown to love .
panel made up of strong and marketers re : march madness promotions in ' 11
learning christmas songs . . . . .
hey don ! thanks for the following . how's your day going ?
waking up sore ? didn't sleep well ? well get your hiney into mattrezzz guys and let us help you pick out a new mattress set! ! !
very accomplished this week ! mailed mother's day packages , birthday presents , and uploaded photos .
sorry for your lose , she's in a better place now :) stay grand/iconic <3
anyone have any tax questions and/or need an estimate ?
you mean being single . way to ruin my joke god dammit .
going to school with only my tambo and case of reeds in my backpack . it's going to be a good day .
#justrememberthat whatever's ment to be will be
. .well , we all make choices . . . .
guys , it's ok that i can't read bus maps cause i can just take a cab !
#youthinkyourefunny no , that girl who thought she could sing who tried out for american idol is funny
asking a question is easy . hearing the truth isn't .
happy birthday on this easter renewal day . you deserve some rest . hugs !
awesome art apprenticeship opportunity for young people 16 - 22 at the honolulu academy of the arts . deadline is august 18th , so get the . . .
good god morning !
ran into at this morning . great impromptu social media chat .
thanks for the follow back !
bruins pull out a win . one more win to go tonight .
praying for you !
[dc] tonight- summer breeze concert series part 2 live from historic takoma station featuring
looks interesting , but i'm wary of magically ignoring files in a search .
i say that every single day .
yes ! she gave me the plastic and i quit tipping the wastebasket ! that's all i wanted . i like it and it's mine .
school is soo boring!!! ! !
i totally agree ! !
on my way to #dcflacks and hopefully you are too !
daddy says god will take it all away so that i know it was " him " that gave it to me in the 1st place . .i really feel it
damn , bro ! i will be downloading your music tomorrow! ! it's amazing ! follow back ? :d
very well done indeed ! thanks for sharing .
i'd agree city probably can grab 8 pts . but strange things/free falls can happen . look at spuds .
brown is screwed either way on this issue
so shady
work was really tired'some today.my eues hurtn doe . ..bored too nobody want talk .
and i'll end up lyinnnn that's the wong thing to do
yes indeed . i needed a great concert workout . #insanity with
alright universe . tell me what i need to release so that my job will be to physically , emotionally & spiritually touch others . i'm ready .
whoop whoop awsome ed and taylor working together .
i fell asleep with a bag of ice on my bed , now its all over my bed but in water form .
which begs the question who is dumber : the politicians or the people who elect them ?
i don't recall watching a worse ncaa football championship game ever . . . .
" : money is my hobby . in my spare time i count cash . . . .my sleep signs are.$$$$$$$$$$$$ " lmao finally famous in stores now coach
crack mont stank !
we're seeing him twice in one month . harass him .
world meningitis day is coming to america on april 30 . angels will be in colorado . meningitis kills , get vaccinated .
rt : sm can have humanizing ability to reconnect our community to our representatives .
we were created n the image & likeness of god . when we sinned we're no longer his likeness . jesus ' blood restores us 2 our original state !
scotch and beer for me luv , cheers to ya . would love to fit in somewhere .
*traffic* box 23-5 w centre st & n howard st , downtown ; auto accident .
rt : : in one week , join us in a twitter chat on bullying prevention w/ a panel of experts . tues . 3/20 @ 3pm et .
haha that is the funniest thing ever
hi awesome work on the framenetwork . . . also one q , i noticed your lastname is it polynesian ?
without a doubt . we see the same thing .
they going for the low cause peeps didn't even go 2nite . smh bulls playoff tickets for the low hmm i dont mind if i do lol
crawling through glass sounds painful
let's all take a moment to enjoy the fact that the #bruins won 9-0 tonight . good stuff .
there's always some truth behind : just kidding , knowledge behind : i don't know , emotion behind : i don't care & pain behind : it's okay .
rt : im a full fledge killer bitttcchheess!!! ! p.s i love baby jesus lol really
eww not kool ! my butt hurts
con't - transformers 3 and that spielberg movie super 8 . i am betting on the ladder . spielberg has never disappointed ! -
have you traveled around the suburbs out there ? portland
thanks . have another post set to go very much in line with points you make .
wordswordswords : catered lunch from yum!wordswordswords thanks !
now just moments away from the start for race 2 . let's see how our guys do this round .
i see a future twitter couple . . . :]
thanks . just what i need rn
rip to the day when titanic sent more than 1,500 people to a watery grave
i'm a fan of ur work and look forward to seeing u in more roles ! u are growing into an extremely talented actor ! peace !
there is something creepy in my apartment or i've entirely lost all of my sane mind . hoping for the latter .
hope so !
im going to graduate , leave florida and move to california by 2014 !
death is a challenge . it tells us not to waste time . . . it tells us to tell each other right now that we love each other.s
just finished a map of foreclosures in denver that will be reviewed by and in a meeting in washington
need a dog trainer ? call mike at mountaineer k9 services at 304.756.2561 . he is amazing with dogs !
blood pressure issue is under control! ! !
one cinnamon chip muffin is not enough for this day . . .
the dictator>>>>>
twitter y u no easy to use ! ? ! ? (anyone ? )
once again in regards to those direct msg's . #dontopen ! we didn't send them & apparently if you open them they'll be resent to your contacts
thank you so much . (blushing now.)
it is time to call it a day ! have a great evening !
sponsorship and product placement galore in #nascar and #daytona500 .
i'm gonna get fat ! i probably should break this habit .
been jamming to for days
trent reznor (and his other projects) have always done flac afaik . that's the first well known example i can think of .
hell of a game ! do howard or smith twitter ? on to the next one .
ha . publicist .
it's is wrong that i downloaded every song from the #gleerememberswhitney episode ? i think not .
four brown pelicans over the bay off the embarcadero is an odd sight for mid-january , are these four late to migrate or sitting it out ?
your lazy it won't be that far
" that's the trigone " " in the blad blad . . . i'm trying my best to have fun with anatomy "
dnt need a boyfriend or boytoy . . . .aquarius needs a ##partner=teammate . ..why that's hard to understand . .ugh! ! !
congrats baby ;)
thank you ! that would be awesome . let me know how i can help
we're looking forward to another great show with you tonight :) can't wait to rock out at township !
we all need s p a c e sometimes . even from those we love the most
omg its raining hard nd i got to get of da bus noo take me bac home
stay safe guys !
how was dinner ?
#bcn09seodesign session in the karma room is packed !
just wondering why you aren't with at harrys . ..is this a racial thing ?
thank you ! rt thanks to both and ! lunch was delicious , and the company was superb !
tonight . ..ape race at tap & mallet . bruce lish . . . .you are going down . 8pm
if someone asks you what i'm like just say " she's like a greg kinnear type . "
strong week for the mavs . cranking out hard fought w's even in an injury riddled year .
save room for dogz !
i started writing " cody's late! " on pieces of paper and every minute that passed i crumbled it up and threw it . i have about 15 papers -_-
why are people saying you were hacked ?
i'm crying . rt north america you are up first . get ready . #believetour next week ! leggo
wordswordswordsyou may be disappointed if you fail , but you are doomed if you donwordswordswordst try.wordswordswords
epic mealtime !
hosting workshop on mobile and " civic learning " w design as 1.5-day interdisciplinary conversation !
looking at a lot of drawings and paintings on was a major ego boost .
damn that is really good! ! congrats! ! :)
weight room feels god
worked on my paper today . finishing up little details in class tomorrow and working on the power point .
i can imagine ! have to try it at least for that . . . #thaimex in
" no officer , i'm not intoxicated " .
those little flies r everywhere i go all the time ! i swear i shower 2 times a day ! what's happening ? ! ? !! ! !
bob from that 70s show is jacked i thought he was always fat
great voice , enjoyed your performance .
thank you for following suburban cowboys ! fyi we are in chicago thursday night at lasalle power co . !
terrance jones ! ridiculous !
awesome . ..we hope to see you back on wednesday morning! ! !
wow it must be nice being you .
#crazytown rt : 50 miler done ! happily ensconced in a seat at chevy's drinking a beer and eating something other than gu .
no . i told you to take him .
spending a nice birthday with family and friends
johnson is reading contemporary reviews of beethoven , wagner and others . they were brutal ! nice bit of perspective .
ya dude
dicks was entertaining as hell
when you haven't had hookah all day and you finally get it at the end of the day!! ! !
" before i go to sleep " by s . j . watson
feeling jayz heat baby !
love it ! enjoy .
#imagine austin writes his name on your hand . you : why did you do that ? austin : because i wanna let everyone know that you'r mine ! <3
brands = publishers now . the investments made between paid media & creation & dissemination of owned & earned media are evolving rapidly .
well he was one of the original jailblazers . .
well to be clear i didn't put him up there !
also the boss so no grassing about me being on here loads follow im in the mood to visit greyhound racing
so basically the book doesn't even exist until the movie comes out
um . ..scribbler . . . um awesome .
school plan alters calendar - the advocate
q4 . what's your personal silo breaking strategy ?
funny #pittsburghmarathon post from maureen m " i ran the entire marathon because someone told me there was coffee and cigarettes at the end "
remember , successful actors are flexible and take direction , so pull your leg behind your head before slating .
my column received a shout-out on the today ! tu !
of course refs sometimes let them play b should have not wated 2 tos in the 3rd though defense didnt help
rise and shine . . . well , can't sleep in today . time to find some work !
i love " we are conquerors" ! london 2012 olympics ? 2014 fifa world cup brazil ?
ha ha did not hear u!! ! ha
*someone follows you on twitter* yay , a new follower ! , *someone follows you in real life* holy sh*t a stalker
dope video keep up the good work! ! !
hella bomb day with chu ;d
thought you were visiting jersey
looking forward to the wort block party today ! playing w/ at 11:15am . it's a beautiful morning so far .
hope the first aid box was properly stocked for you !
i will ! my heart lies with iu but i can't turn down seeing the other zeller , live in st . louis !
it's ok to buy kindles and nooks and ipads .
tomorrow is payday ! hell yea
arent u one
have neither seen the avengers nor captain america .
#barcampabq is coming soon ! woohoo ! see you saturday !
*click click click click click*
come see us today at lennar homes (404 falcon lane leander , tx) from 2p-4p ! heather rivera and the promo team will be giving out great . . .
2 weeks to the day i suffered a concussion at work ill be back there hope my patient is under control actually
that some achieve great success , is proof to all that others can achieve it as well . abraham lincoln
tomorrow's good friday !
when your friends be around you ignore me but they ain't there and u send me a text every minute !
heartfelt . you're a real pro . so great to see you again . but i might not eat with coy anymore .
my ears are hyper sensitive today . . .
better consciousness tip : people who are achieving better results than you are , will assist you to see things you normally wouldn't see
wanna party ? follow for more info . lets party people! ! !
#erl12 #gokb session here . open knowledge base with enhanced global data elements apis to interact with data and uses kuali ole
you going to bed ? ! let me guess on the floor ? <3 (:lol .
sent you a dm !
and santorum on the end ?
a mouse once chewed its way through a pair of my pants , got stuck & died . thankfully i was not wearing the pants at that time .
now that i think about it , if i win , i could buy greece . yay spanakopita !
at the mit media lab listening to linkedin's founder reid hoffman explain " how to benefit 100 million people "
#imissthedayswhen people under stood each other
if women were ordered to pay child and spousal support in the same proportion as men , matrimonial law would be completely different
it's world water day today ! here's a quick poll . how much water is required to produce one hamburger ?
ladies and gentlemen , the very special guest for this evening's show is . . . michael nesmith . tix available at the door !
rt : #scip2012 " reputation gives you access " - how good is your personal brand management ?
woke up at 230 and could not get back to sleep . . .
you are so easy to please . ..one of your many lovely qualities . big hug !
joseph kony needs to go to hell
rt : twitter is working with high-profile users to increase the quality of content on the network , says
my wife she asked me what was wrong with her eyebrows . ..awesome
thanks for the interest ! we have someone contacting you right now . we have a great reseller opportunity you may be interested in .
glad to meet you . i am new to all of this . how are you ?
it's still true non the less
so precious !
some people are always grumbling because roses have thorns . i am thankful that thorns have roses . wordswordswords alphonse karr
otherwise how's your day been ?
to meet austin and alex someday but thats not happenin cause i missed austins concert in ny and he went home the day before i(c
u have to follow me b4 i follow ne one else ! :d #1stfollower !
bought rain garden plants at out back nursery in hudson (half off if + 30 native perennials!) and got them in he ground just before rain .
happy brfday to my friends yaya
it's a picture perfect evening and i'm staring down the sun .
works with ios & android smartphones & tablets . all swings also upload to online account . int'l shipping mid-year .
hes just jealous that u have more followers than him at the moment . . fredo betta step up ur game dude .
i know they sell them at rei
" the real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do . "
if you're going to make a fake account make it useful at least . . .
really liked it , well done .
but there's no profile attached to report
goodnight my tweethearts .
cant wait june 3nd , show's gonna be crazy .
<- i only believe in you , robert blue . ;)
i'm seriously going to hit someone
today= perfect prototype day : bk club , rewriting policies , lots of job search help , prep for job forum tmrw next : spking at town board mtg .
i like people who actually put effort into talking to me .
you found my dock yet ?
happy nurse appreciation day to all the #nurses out there ! thanks for all you do !
congrats on winning the voice ! jermaine is amazing!( : love you
starting for the jam tonight : butch , wise , koch , major , and leslie !
thank you ! (and i miss you.)
if that's the case , he should play now . i don't believe that's the case . with time , it heals , to become less painful .
i'm just a total curmudgeon about " 20-somethings finding themselves in nyc " type stories .
wordswordswords the ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity . ayn rand
visiting kids with cancer and bringing toys .
' ordinary ' is a very odd word to use .
: if you could pay your a insurance bill via text message - would you do it ?
you guys are beautiful no matter what people say - demi lovato <3
how did you brake it ?
need food now
be generous in prosperity , and thankful in adversity . be fair in judgment , and guarded in speech .
hey browns/49ers , y u no release inactives ?
rare element announces revised and improved economic results from pre-feasibility study at bear lodge
wait , i was leaving . . y'all keep pulling me back in :)
re : #zapposcoupons , is the repeated copy intentional or error ? i get the marketing aspect , but at a loss for the implementation .
nah . m&ms are a great stay-on-task tool . dole them out slowly as rewards . (without peanuts works best.)
i busted my lip kissing my momma .
check your dropbox for surprises this weekend !
now that you mention it , i can definitely see the resemblance . :)
mike napoli should be starting consistently 50/50 with yorvit . that man can swing the bat .
not heard anything about the video i sent in last week .
samanthag132 no problem!:)
can u help me i need followers
done ! then we are going to post that baby doing everything !
best case scenario : people vent on a venue you control ! step 5 : create a venue
go back to bed
it does the body good . rt i feel rocky mountains restored . colorado , you are a creative well-spring . can't wait to come back !
lol ! stop , you're killing me ! rt i have more fun than any one person should be allowed . i must have been a saint in a prior life :)
very excited to be giving a talk on librarians and careers with the usg this evening for the fantastic career colloquia series !
much love to the homie back to work ! lol hope all is well .
how cool passed this on to fb
u already know
talk about addiction , i can't turn my ps3 off . i have no life . lol
#epic #fail rt we took new guy to magic market . he embarrassed us by asking for a diet coke and then ordering a water . . .
' s luis arroyo : protecting trade secrets in wis . is about reasonable efforts . not fort knox efforts .
they're right . i'm not one of their viewers now .
" beef : feel something again . "
thanks so much angela ! i'll tweet this review out tomorrow , post it on facebook , the band site , etc . really appreciate it !
thanks . . . blocked in many ways :)
we belong together ;) <333333
yes ! thank you very much for picking up the check . excellent meal and great company
lots of recent research dispelling learning styles . #justsaying don't necessarily agree .
. . . come peep my stand up act tomorrow at show starts at 8:30pm . you know i got jokes .
evolutionary change may be better for users than revolutionary .
dress cant be altered . ..and has a stain from the manufacturer
flipping out ok . you're ten ; go play with barbies ok like you cant do that in public . theyre too old for you
your korean name is unique :d
it's gettin to be too cold time to be a caveman
so excited for the game tonight ! it's been too long since the last game .
crappy #weather in east texas .
agh ! twitter spam/virus ! evil . don't click the link !
spot led lenser contest : : what award did the x21 just win this year ?
being misunderstood<
hell yeah!! ! the show is coming to portland!!! ! so freaking excited! ! !
they seem to reserve the juice for lincecum , specifically .
totally ! the challenge will be the paws . maybe keep those black ? use the coupon code shlove as you are checking out to save 15%
i love camilla
hit me up for info on tonight for & 858-822-9360 ! guest list or bottle service .
*smacks lips at taylor*
gantner hits a line drive base hit to right ! howell scores and it's 7-2 now ! that will finally be it for erickson !
!! ! rt : shoutout to errbody breaking up this week to be single for
cool shot , tom .
santorum and romney . . . just wasting bandwidth and sapping our energy .
we hope you are hungry because family night is starting right now ! get deals until 8pm tonight .
so , the men in my family will cook for the mothers . they're making homemade rolls , cooking fried corn , & grilling . my gma is proud !
wordswordswordsobstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.wordswordswords - henry ford
ewh don't hit on me when i'm with my mom , you prick .
when do parents start to take some responsibility in raising their kids ? maybe spend time with your kids rather than always pass them off .
nice summer weekend ! in may . portland highs sat 84 & sun 87 .
there is no such thing as too much sriracha .
no other answer necessary rt from a boat with a cocktail in hand! ! !
i am sad an unhappy with things that are happening in my life right now but,greatful for my life .
4th quarter i'm back
- thanks , bob -
yup , then we smash a soft pretzel over one's head , punch one in the gut , & take one's wallet & run away screaming " philly!!! "
i wonder what award i'm getting ! :o
is on a quest for soup dumplings ! to arcadia !
who do you like at d kc , sd , cin or tb ?
at st . vincent hospital with dad .
here in phoenix , we have real old-fashioned ice cream trucks that cruise the neighborhoods . it's pretty amazing . one came by today , even !
f*ck mercury - i'm in retrograde
i fort my ipad ! we'll be out side in a sec .
its a beautiful day and i'm loving it! ! !
i am going to #tweetup will you be there ?
twitter > everything else .
best part of #superbowl46 was that not everyone was mad at bradshaw for not sitting on the 1yd line . bryant had to be estatic ! !
nice here in rio !
phone is acting up . time to say nngb tolbsends xoooxc
many christians leaving kano and ' that's troubling for many people here ' via ofeibea quirst arcton
northwestern bball has just missed 9 of 10 shots but football just signed kyle pratar . go kyle . go cats !
you're 34 and are still looking for a prince who will treat you like a princess ? christ christ almighty sweet jesus
it is pretty offensive . lol !
g'nite ! awesome game against cowgurls . went 2 uni w/warner , he was a true gentleman . loved meeting larry's dad vikes 50th !
bad news : sugarcoated or straight-up ?
you went to subway right bro ? lol
benefit reading for allen hagler on tuesday at 7 . come help a good friend .
i stayed up far too late talking amazing opportunities with the crew and it was worth it 200% .
good , glad we got the word out !
thats a good one ! hope you both have a great day ! :)
girl drink drunk ! i'll see ' s bourbon and raise her a whisky .
oh oh girl buzz buzz
in sept the playoff-bound #tigers & #rangers had the 2 highest team ba & lowest two eras in the al .
no midnight anxiety about the dewey decimal system ?
thanks love ! i'm sure i'll see you sometime soon :)
thanks for sharing ! hope to see you at our kickoff event !
plz rt : score face time with l.a . casting director ty harmon . when saturday @ 10 a.m pst . how ? tweet me 4 easy details
haha . what are we doing this weekend ?
finally found the volume control on tweet deck - omg it was killing me !
flashdance ? not getting the lyric though .
we announce our 2012-2013 season #tonight ! stay tuned .
hey ! follow back please( :
not having enough caffeine leads to major emotional outburst .
i am a proud alum !
costco with mama
whitney thank you for the gift that you gave to the world,thank you for inspiring such a beautiful and touching service .
up next is biz dev today presentation by dave delaney of davedelaney.me and courtenay rogers of bone mcallester norton
7 baby moms rt : 0 superbowl rings rt : can someone post my stats from rookie year till present please . . . .
some people playin ' some casual warhammer40k come join the fun !
i'm tired .
it is rubie tuesday ! two piercings for the price of one ! including basic jewelry ! come on down and talk to ruben !
with the 32nd overall pick , and last of day 1 of the #nfldraft , the #giants select #virginiatech rb david wilson .
. ..i'll just be thinking about it more then :)
i come to fill the stocking obviously
i am coming over for dinner
yeah i have everything packed .
and i wasn't even trying for punny . . . just playing off of your " thepeche " which happens to be taken . have a great weekend !
apple's stock is going downwordswordswordsdownwordswordswordsdownwordswordswordsdown . :(
good stuff is on the way . . . .
chrysler 2 minute superbowl spot best in game so far , regardless of where you live . but i live in detroit !
todays ' s last #myworldtour . ever . theres so much more to come but ill always remember that kid in the white jacket with . . .
today is a m'kay kind of day . . .
really . ..speaker of the house can't even applaud equal pay for both men and woman ?
just about getting up to speed on laptop catch-up , now just to recreate the last 4 months of projects from scratch
is the cutest guy ever ! i wish he would follow me . thats my goal for today ! . ..it's just one click!!:dplease ! 27
with me all the way in math . :)
happy easter weekend all ! we're happy to extend 10% off to our fans ! let us know if you need anything !

be sure to check out golden light catina in amarillo , texas . oldest surviving bar on historic route 66 !
is it just me or does anyone else wonder who came up with #belieber ?
smokey : i got mind control ova dat fool . he be like stfu i be quite but when he leave i be talkin again .
#truelies in affect as we speak , tryna finish this project for nxt year
so excited to see #seminar on #broadway this afternoon . love
working through the vhs list and making weeding decisions .
ohemgee , me too ! ive been waiting for this album for like forever !
on mercy . she could tumble for the french ! !
very . very . soon .
do you go to class ? ever ?
hear hear !
are you on the falls bridge ? if so i just passed you
really wishes this project were done already .
i wonder what the weather forecast is for tomorrow in lawrence
happy cinco de mayo . pollo tacos,patrwordswordsn , and coronas .
the tech boom is back . yelp shares closed 64% up from its ipo price . facebook is on the horizon
i second this nomination .
you're hot , i'm not . opposites attract , right ?
don't tell friends what is in a banh mi before they try it .
they're finally getting that pimped out park !
passionate workers are the underpinnings of corp culture and employer brand - if it reflects that culture !
disneyland= most romantic place ever !
i'm playing dru's place in memphis tomorrow with roxie randle and ashley mcbryde . 8 pm $5 cover . madison ave
yeah you do ! with stickk by your side , you're good to go !
where the margaritas at ?
r u @ pinkberry (dupont cir)!! ! we are ! come on by and don't forget to mention " rpcv/w " as 20% of the proceeds will go to our 50th fund !
is there a bad restaurant in sf ? think not .
this little white girl is terrified of every black person that walks past . .and won't even sit nxt to me . ..smh parenting today
hella workout . feel like i burnt as many calories as has followers .
god of war 2 it is .
i am not supposed to feel like this all day . . . . . . . . . . . .morning/noon & night sickness . . . .yuck
awh baby girl , i know how you feel . :( " : it hurts to see the father daughter dance because that's one thing i wish i got "
lord please devour all my enemies .
when i eat fried pickles at hooters , i keep my eyes closed so that i won't be able to see the good looking women that work there .
oh , hi you ! over here , in my office , trying to keep it together !
still struggling with the furnace , by the time it's done , summer will be here .
nice ! hope it stays that way for a long , long time .
solitary man ! lol . . . . thanks for checking out our band :)
whats good how can i get one of my artist down with the team check him out
thanx for buying my album online & requesting cd as well .
im really smart .
is it time for #community yet ?
see this ! scent-sational candles and luscious fragrances .
so how was the turn out at believe 2nite ? was it a full house ? have a great nite ! luv bri
u will never know if i make frybread .
what's this stealth mountain bs ? i thought you meant me . . .
eduardo corral and jose antonio rodriguez have been mentioned by christian wiman . ..and recent poems of his
but thru it all god has bn by my side conforting me
yes when i get back to nick & ambers !
happy hump day indeed ! been long day already ;)
a reader is an essential tool rt : a1 . i subscribe to feeds on topics of interest to me . ..so i am up-to-date .
what up
i just want to eat all the time .
had a perfect day on our boat !
so if lily's annoying father showed up , where was marshall's mother ? and no ghostly appearance from his father ?
and hopefully also passion and joy -- if you make it through the turbulance :)
really awesome!! ! when ?
i am back
you guys should hallo me . ! hannahmaslow99 is my username ( :
i really should start tweeting more #eh ?
sometimes it's hard to be a woman giving all your love to just one man
link is not working !
solid show last night , going to be hard to top for a while .
got my tickets got my tickets got my tickets .
listening to philadelphia sinfonia play haydn 101 . really fine playing ! i would have never guessed these are students .
how can we be expected to teach children to learn how to read if they can't even fit inside the pockets ?
srsly tho . i die every single time i watch this show .
the " breakthrough " coming soon
i need a guy that actually has the balls to tell me the truth !
i wish mel gibson had flirted with a singing career like bruce willis . aunty entity and mad max duet , anyone ?
" ask for forgiveness! " oh adelelele's mom ;)
**drooling** yummy! ! !
what ? im curious *grabs popcorn* lol
men's best successes come after their disappointments . ~ henry ward beecher
rt : looking for great advice on running and pregnancy ? an article from joan marie butler , author of fit and pregnant - . . .
the leader never a follower
we are looking to work with some smart guys on long island with www.longislandnybusiness.com
good morning cuz ! make it a great day and be blessed !
every week , i make the same joke in zumba . i introduce the class , thank them for coming , then say " ok , great class , bye! " they never laugh
i saw that performance . showalter , it was your best in years . (wain felt a little fake.)
i bet it's really a treat when all your hard writing work gets an eye-catching & beautiful cover . i'm looking forward 2 reading it .
how to succeed in business with some effort and connections
okay , awesome night , lots of photos to come , but that bike ain't going to ride itself in the morning . . . . . . g'night ! <3
we have a host out sick today so there will be no mac gaming news this week . sorry .
heard you were amazeballs! ! ^5 ! rt : had a blast jamming with last night after the acm awards .
i always get nervous when its not cutting my hair
i am so happy ! how does sydney , australia look for june . it's my vacation . better yet when is your vacation ?
lol ! but i'm 10 minutes into i and i'm on the hook . so happy rocky learned how to read and speak in public .
follow back
for my birthday (august 15th) wish i wish that or will follow me :) :)
don't knock it ' til you try it . it's satisfying !
rt if it makes you sad that after tomorrow austin won't have braces :(((
i keep my business , my business only my success shall leak in the streets .
tweetdeck , i love and hate you so much
adventure theatre is seeking capable after-school elementary theatre educators to teach creative drama class sections for children in gradewordswordswords
that was a great way to end an episode of
whoa i love elite model management new york new exhibit of supermodel comp cards from the ' 80's ! have you seen it ?
oh , happy belated birthday , thomas pynchonwordswordswordswhoever/wherever you are !
hello i wanted to submit to you project for models . is there a email or only on aa ?
why of why am i on a cookbook purchasing kick again ! must hold myself back . . .
popping rolaids , chased with shiner .
thanks for the encouragement , so very needed . . .
ok , it's time for me to get off . goodnight and god bless ! :)
a hot mess of a hoax . gender something something , gay , but really a woman , hobnobbing w/ celebs , something . google it .
coffee . . . need lots of it .
just bought shoes from the kids section haha
#hadthesnottestedouttathem mt : today , ny's 3rd graders sat for 2-hr test on 3 readings involving animals in captivity .
there's a certain divine truth to intricacy . . .
glad you enjoyed :-) rt was awesome yesterday .
biden is just over 6 ' but the cameras add 7 " just like they add ten pounds so he is listed at 6'7 " supporting the possible theory
#highschooltaughtme to stop trying to fit into a click!!!!! ! some people didn't learn that lesson 10 years later!! ! !
great july 4th weekend with friends and family .
was just thinking google should offer something besides an iframe for cse , and i look and they did update it . nice .
oh yeah . . . i forgot that twitter dictates relationships now . russell brand unfollowed katy perry . . .
being home alone all day today and half of tomorrow makes me happy
yeeeaaahhhh . . . . . . . i'm not touching that one ! wait! ! !
knows that works really well for me!!! ! hi adam ! hugs to you boo boo!!!!! ! !
robertt guess what! ! !
web design san antonio offers seo , flash design , graphics design , and web development for affordable price www.webdesignsanantonio.us
my friend wanted to travel more with me this summer . but that's not what house arrest is all about .
it's kobe time . the comeback is coming .
day job(exhilarating) school(exhausting) watchin dabears w/family priceless
this is correct !
it's monday , yourhangover always feels worse on this day than any other
it was wonderful to see them giving her a standing ovation ! well deserved ms . spencer! ! !
then we must use the power of the internet & social media to tell the truth . thank you for speaking it .
sipping coffee in peet's , listening to talk to himself .
how are you getting sick ?
arrow and cult are the only ones i will check out . i feel the others will fail . batb won't do any better post tvd . e.md(tues)= x
he tries way to hard to debate the other side of the story . sometimes you just gotta agree with people
shoot is done for today now it's time to hang out after a nap . . . .
maybe i misinterpreted again your tweet . what i mean is if i text something , i can tell it personally .
thanks everybody for the birthday wishes today !
thanks for following
#ripbig we will never forget you .
i wonder if you know i have a crush on you .
2 male symbols together and on each side says " love ( male symbol) forever "
traffic almost completely stopped on i-85 south near milemarker 91 . ugh .
that's just what voldo needed to be less freaky : a spider on his crotch .
if they're willing/eager to learn
they are making us look not pretty- not gonna lie , makes me a bit self conscious- like they actually gave us under eye circles .
late night showers are bomb !
#wecanttalk if u cant fit a magnum lol! ! yeah i threw that out there just being real
while faith w/o works is dead , be certain that ur actions are not driven by fear/anxiety/worry .
thx for letting me know you are home safely . and , my genuine pleasure meeting you ! !
#chill bro ur blowing up my phone ! ;)
i dont even know if im gonna go haha .
how do you expect to pay for college and get both of those
is creepin , i can feel it !
what is wrong with wisconsin ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? !
well said . . . " nail it before you scale it " via
is it weird for any other #skirtathon12-ers to wear pants again today ? just me ?
my " reflex " to use commas and follow them with 2 spaces is such a hindrance on twitter . i type them without thinking . old habits die hard .
damn , i'm listening to the cd inside the bags they gave us at project grad . i ain't gon lie , it's makin me sad .
easy stallone ! rt : do you feel that ? that's me arm wrestling you to hurry up ! xo
what you pass on the a's ? you passed on oakland ? you will regret this,hat was the offer from
i wasn't ready for my first day yet . .
#ilovehow can fart on command .
well im going to bed gnight everybody i love u all :-)
on pandora , they played moment 4 life , peacock , then s&m . talk bout ' iamme .
happy easter everyone !
boys weekend in san francisco - i've got the rock on my ipad all ready to watch .
ya'll played lights out d last night , well done gentlemen
two on , one out . . . maybe the #brewers can at least close the gap a bit .
will be missed . i wish him the best !
temporomandibular joint pain , more commonly known as tmj , affects many people in more that just pain and discomfort in your mouth .
village at st . peter&#39;s housing presented by the diocese of camden celebrates occupancy
they're different looks/tones but still different from wwe or the like . tried to flip the script a little bit again .
i'm seriously done fighting with everyone , this is getting ridiculous .
still one of my favorite movie viewing memories . rt : ten years ago today sam raimi's spiderman opened .
time to party
rt : the espn strategy on nfl coverage is to have all their insiders report different things , so one of them will be right .
#whatmakesablackgirlmad eat her fried chicken xd
lol 25/50 broke (was created in case he jumped in , but he played 10/20 feeder anyway) game breaks but few regs still seated , macaucomes over
thanks , kate !
if we do nothing but focus on being a talent magnet for our #ama chapter , we can have the biggest impact
rt 3 ways in which you can optimize the use of bodyweight exercise rate_limit_exceeded
oh see thats a good idea ! well post a pic when theyre done ! i wanna see what a real london flag on a nail looks like :)
: i missed you last night too!! ! you better not miss the tounry sundayy!! ! !
thx . let me know what u think .
look for the announcement of celeste kellogg's official fan club being announced early 2011 . . .
you're already playing at sprawling hills pond on at (game 8) (dka-0k)
facebook special : solar lights free with a $25.00 purchase ! 7 sku's to choose from (riverwest)
thanks for the kind words ! rt : finally watched ' s interview w/ 5 days later . so worth it . thx for the tips !
every netbook i've used (5 or 6 models) has multiple usb ports . doubtful any version of photoshop would run on any of them .
tune in to our 24/7 solo piano stream at solopiano.com !
thank you for the kind words !
let's capitalize boys
good morning good people !
fact : workdays are long . evidence : the number of times i click " i'm still listening! " on pandora .
what ! u shoulda came back! ! !
sexy halloween costumes can showcase your daring and fun side
#trsandswstour will this ever trend
have you tried thinking about frustrated that makes you ? maybe that makes you cry : not being able to do it . ( :
well . . . . that sucked . when is opening day ?
rt looking forward 2the webinar this afternoon on student parents&
confession-"and forgive us our debts "
i'm trying to figure out what auto-tune the news will do without katie boo
home . ..bored . ..probably go to my boys house and play games till i get bored . then i'll need something else to do . :-(
im so proud of what i aint achieved yet
we are touring the scotish rite theatre !
introducing the lady killer . . . .(red velvet) accepting orders for special delivery june 1st (2dozen min.) sneak peak! ! twitpic.com/4wh7r2
all of our cats merchandise is 30% today for the game! ! !
#blackmamaquotes understanding is the best thang in world !
if you like that you don't have to pay to get into #bashh , be sure to say thanks to this month !
glad to hear it ! thx !
ikr i love them
thanks for rts , follows & mentions ! !
thanks for sharing these . it's nice to see how things are coming along . . .
you ok ? wanna talk about it ?
good morning , lb !
dear boyfriend , your wallet was getting fat so i thought i'd take it out for some exercise . sincerely , girlfriend .
i'll be seeing you soon ?
you're going ? ! cool ! we should go together!:d carpool and what not!^o^
what if i have a good idea for helping families who have a child with autism ? where do i begin to make it real ?
gym in the morning
a picture is worth a thousand words , but only one is need to describe pics of you . . . gorgeous .
i gottah pee so bad
great to talk with earlier tonight ! excited about the great press you're getting . :) it's much deserved !
best first date ever . ill never forget it<3 thank you
moving in the right direction !
the giants and packers first traded field goals , then touchdowns , then turnovers . something's gotta give . . .
so . . . i take this quiz right ? and at the end it doesn't show the results . . wtf is up with that ? ._ . wordswordswords
can i get a follow back please ? :}
ima spend the night at house tonight
bilderberg : as impressive as the league of nations . bunch of people patting themselves on the back as the world kicks them in the rear . ext
yo you just went ham on the simmons
contact us if you like for us to form your next event . we promote adult sports leagues and tournaments !
mt : harold #burson visit followed by red sox opening day . not sure this day can get any better .
c'mon legs you can do it ! !
watching behind the scenes with oprah while designing and reorganizing my office
follow kueen of krunk!anyone wanting an interview on chop shop radio contact jennifer @ 2107846094 or leave message . .high volume phone calls
march 18th 2012 . who knew i'd be sitting in this recliner thinking of you .
officially confirmed to write about the hunger games for in media res !
if he waited to make babies with his wife , they would have the same house .
a drug dealer just asked me if i need trees while i hand him his food
i haven't done pandora in so long !
someone come eat vegan pizza with me~
toronto moving to expand bike trails - toronto star
if it all goes well wednesday , i will have a contract for a brand new home ! getting kinda surreal not gonna lie !
escape from la! ! finally moved out of city today & into the house " media malpractice " built . moving is worse than watching an olby marathon !
strange thing about living in madison , wi : wearing three long sleeve shirts today with a high temperature of 16 . wanna house-swap ?
ah , if you make it into the city let's grab some beers
the capitol steps have a show at the count basie theatre , red bank , nj . on oct . 28th . showtime @ 8:00pm .
we got some guys coming back . nobody scares me . every year is a battle .
may your neighbors protect you , touble neglect you , angels protect you and heaven accept youwordswordswords<3
just watched movie gun,now watching the devil inside
i knew that lol
q9 - r u going to the mall later ?
#wewontwork if you feel 30 seconds is too long to wait for a text back
alien ? ! ugh i don't know wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
i'm declaring that by god's abundance my needs are met !
#philly is in the house . this #dude need hes money . . . . . . 215
#lolatgirlswho think they're too cool to study . and end up working in mcdonalds .
it's worth it . maybe wants to watch , too .
u know things are bad when , hubby spots a backpack on the road & even tho we were running late , stops to see if it was filled with $$$$$$$
#ff horse back riding ! wordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswordswords
#archer fx rocks love archer . . .
my mom said my car will be fixed by time prom gets here ! woo ! :d #sopumped its been sitting for far too long .
your hot! ! from eric in ny :)
keep on eating donuts for 2012 porky lol!!! ! !
please provide updates re sandy koufax for the eve 6 show . thx
first fight of the night and i already feel like some stress is off me :)
and it did ! well that and the mountain dew . :p
bridesmaids start out strong but quickly went downhill . don't understand all the love .
yeah ! thank you
me too ! waking up next to the ocean , shopping downtown , family time , eating good fried food , yum ! :)
yep . mine went away when i disable the smush.it plugin but now i can't upload anything bc of a site migration !
i thought it was something from 2001 still online , but no ! weekly publication !
" an organization's purpose and goals set the direction . measures focus the energy on the outcomes . processes create habits , and habits . . .
know any dmv area photographers ?
mama netty got our tickets :) . . . .my sister so juiced she get to see !
welcome to #rogerspark ! i can't wait for your cafe to open but the folks want to know what you envision for your cafe ?
best wishes on new projects ! i love being " retired " to do what i wish ; retirement $$ will catch up w . me in a few years .
i really want 100 followers . my 100th follower will get . . . . . . . . . uh . . . . . . . . . nothing
los angeles , gardena show tonight ! come out tonight to see arms like yours w/ more . admission is $10 @ the door .
on my way to the crib
law school = high school cubed . we called uf " levin high " prom and the whole bit .
rt the four stages of a boy & girl relationship : 1 . hand in hand . - 2 . that in hand . - 3 . hand in that . - 4 . that in that .
i don't remember that part lol . guess i wasn't paying that close attention .
omg me too ! jef with one f ! and the fitness man . die .
nothing better than a welcome back to school migrane to start off the homestretch till summer
who's coming tonight to close out the 2011 meetup season w/ ? www.meetup.com/spreenkler
i can try lol ; i've been working on a change wallet recently ! ( :
child , i can't make you love me if you don't want to , but i'll be there when you're ready - god
try to imagine a world worth living in , and then ask yourself if that isn't worth fighting for . --leslie feinberg
it's all input , folks . garbage in , understanding out .
the dc fair budget coalition came to the wilson building .
work seems to take forever on a rainy day ! my couch , it beckons . . . .
so i'm sitting on the n train next 2 this gianni italiano dude and he pulls out his electric razor and proceeds to shave right there ! lmao !
there are mcdonalds there too ? i promised my guts i will not torture them like that anymore
great . thanks !
training vessel golden bear visits sacramento port
i really need to move out of this neighborhood . republican candidate yard signs . .obama sucks bumper stickers and ron paul signs .
any graphic designers out there that read/listen to us ? we're looking for a cool , scale-able logo that sums up the show . let us know !
i'm not in denial . . . yet . i still have until december , so it feels like i have an eternity to wait .
i can't stand it when my fingernail polish is chipped !
yeah ! thanks ! rt : is totally successful ! look at elections . ..more on the way ! stay tuned !
hello ladies !
goodnight sweet dreams robert :)
twitter makes me kinda happy .
i'm vegetarian not vegan , but love them w/ garlic , smoked onion , and hot pepper sauce . smoked onion is not a bad subst for ham .
rt congratulations to for her " call-up " as the coach for the 2011-12 season !
i'm a cautionary tale for your children .
agreed ! rt ignore what the competition is doing , it's already been done . pursue what seems impossible but is how things ought to be .
congratulations to winner of business innovation award for design
what spot are you talking about ? :)
great day , how bout you ?
whatever june dates you have , send them over ; we're putting the calendar together now !
romney + obama should debate using the universal language of music via that contraption dick van dyke wore in mary poppins
thank you ! :)
it's lunch time , any recommendations on where to grab something unique ?
power just flickered here , temporarily killed my xbox,very very windy .
ssetting up his fantasy baseball games on baseballfannation.com
yes if u cant make the career fair u can do extra " extra credit " tests to make up for it , i will post another link to more
ditto ! #thanks again steve! ! #foodiechats wordswordswords wordswordswords : missed you again hope to see you at one event in 2012 ;)wordswordswords
recently borrowed a bunch of books on painting and color theory from the library . i'm excited to learn more about paint and color !
i have a long way to go until im as influential as sigh . . .
well this made my day! ! :) i love you , steph! ! !
food fact of the day : april 17 , 1810 lewis m . norton of troy , pa was issued the first u.s . patent for pineapple cheese . yum , i guess ?
guys who love their family .
i know ! i don't get this article at all . plus now i'm worried that i won't be a good librarian because i'm not a lit major .
thank god for another day . hope u have a blessed one .
great presentation from at the event today . makes me really want to attend content marketing world .
with the light of thy knowledge , not only to cherish those things which are written , but to do them ;
lol you're welcome ! love ya ! xo !
i wholeheartedly agree ! people who get paid too much sometimes don't work as hard to produce . you rock !
" i want a boy who will watch rupaul's drag race with me . "
end of july dissertation progress : 205 sources consulted , 4,565 notes taken , 1 chapter drafted . making progress .
i'll always remember going to the #nba finals in 2007-08 and everyone still chanting no means no at kobe .
homey game homey break homey food . . . .doing ok
you should follow
it seems kinda late to reclassify . i thought people usually did that early in senior year .
queue the jon bryant music !
please join my pre-service teachers and i at 4:15 pst . they are brand new to twitter !
too funny . did the outfit make up for the backpack ? i can never get over a man in a suit with . . . .sneakers . ick .
why biology & history tests gotta be so close together ? ugghhh . ..happens every , single , time . smh
if you're the other person involved in a bad sex session you don't have the right to point the finger (you sucked just as bad)
when spirituality becomes too serious the sacred gets lost--or vice versa
looking at census bureau stats on u.s . industries from 2000-2009 reveals women made up a mean 44% of all information sector employees
four steps to sustain the u.s . government's it strategy in the post-kundra era : big enterprises , with their deep . . . bit.ly/muixoq
always borrow money from a pessimist . he won't expect it back .
in other news milwaukee is a charming place both architecturally and otherwise (aside from the arrest)
lol you're too funny ! i'll reply shortly :)
and just like that its like lives not even worth living
u see my winter hats ?
because its so obvious ikno and he knows and especially when you him then tweet about it
what scares you the most about having an acting career , the craft side or the business side ? why ?
we're working on a campaign and hoping you can help ! what are some things that are distinctly milwaukee ?
i just finished a 3.01 mi run with a time of 34:32 with nike+ gps .
life becomes so much better when you decide not to care . just live for the moment and don't let the drama bring you down .
merry christmas and happy holidays to everyone !
i want ariana to be the first celebrity i meet .
awh babe , i love you more ; you need rest as well sweet dreams babe <3
you are so white
the entire thing is sad to watch , i only wish i still had my brothers here on earth
i can't stand my phone! ! i'm just getting txt messages .
crud . . . .i wish the 2 of them would pull their collective brains out of thier backsides so we can get back to watching the blzrs
are you suggesting i'll be fired ? naughty !
rt : it is not just that children of gay couples shld have lesser protections than children of other couples in our state
goodnight lil anti hope yhu feel better :)
pretty soon nfl is just gonna b flag football . .just sayin . . .
how to be alone by jonathan franzen , author of freedom and the corrections .
hey you . love ya
the clock is speeding . i'm calling the cops while i procrastinate .
and thank you both for the mentions !
hi mike ! hope all is well with you . thank you for the rt : )
i was already tired , but this #bulls game is putting me to sleep . let's go .
george zimmerman charged with 2nd degree murder in death of
#boyfriendreview im pretty sure you got this already but . . its amazing! ! and its on repeat all day( : #followmeifyouseethistweet ? <33
those belts are bigger than beiber .
i love you , i would like you to tell me as much as i love you i love you , i feel sometimes ignore me :(
good night twitter
in denver for homewatch caregivers conference ! celebrating 30 years of care !
so much stuff to do in such a small period of time
. haven't heard trade rumors . pierce is celtics ' captain . too good to ever be a laker . we're oldies but goldies ! go celtics !
playing fifa09 ps3
no i didn't have to say it . . . .besdies if your followers hated you they wouldn't be following you . ..and i've been good hbu ?
gartner mq for apm 2011 is out . solid analysis of the market . five dimensional model is useful but mq itself if flawed . . .
mt : sudden flood of orchestra performances for me next season ! as in : 4 . you'd think it was the 100-year anniversary of my death !
it's the ocb
i ain't scared of the fall , i've felt the ground before . . .
how ! ? everyone i know watched
thanks for the rts !
today is a good day . :)
wordswordswords : nothing wrong with dmx , but you know , that's a weird mix.wordswordswords #iaimtoplease #ohwait ;)
can't wait !
warmer up north than it is in fl ! nice
doin good here . just workin too much !
got all of drums , bass , and rhythm guitar tracks down today . lead and vocals tomorrow . this ep is already sounding great !
that's my girl
i'll give you best prices ever . what do you need ? white home button ? 6$ . what else ? tell me . . .
heard earlier today , finally able to read . deep , precisely bc you have worked w 100s of campaigns nationwide . effective ben
honestly ? unsure . i see the savings leaf occasionally . but my hours in and out are so random as well as the weather lately .
that's hot !
grape drank shots at church
would be happy to help ! what 3d format questions do you have ?
u are something else:-) :-)
audition for new show called toilet head , went well will know if taping voice over later tonight . keep your fingers crosses , its for fx
i totally blame non-vision execs who restrict it rt : a5 i blame it . .but it's probably more financial in a lot of cases . . .
my run went a it better today mainly because of the music i was listening to . thank god for intense songs .
robert pattinson & kristen stewart honeymoon photos - bsckids
thanks for following !
every young man would do well to remember that all successful business stands on the foundation of morality . henry ward beecher
what go down homie
i know . no rest for the wicked . :)
little monsters , can we take over the trending topics ? let's trend
serina , please . don't get me wrong drake is extremely talented . it's more of an inside joke- but he really is soft . .
#thingshoodratslove to sell they baby food stamps for cash to go shopping . .lol
