the internet search company will sell co-branded tablets directly to consumers through an online store like rivals apple and amazon.com inc . , according to people familiar with the matter . the move is an effort to turn around sluggish sales of tablet computers powered by google's android software .
" junior says , `listen , kangaroo leg , man , you've got the biggest leg i've ever seen . let's get to work.' "
but on wednesday , a federal judge in san francisco , charles e . breyer , brought a stop to it all , granting bank of america's motion to dismiss martinez's complaint .
57 seconds remaining
wordswordswordsmainly bleach,wordswordswords wright replied .
calvester stewart , 19 , allegedly fired the shots that killed devin whitmire , 24 , near sacramento and oregon streets in south berkeley on march 29 .
collective brands shares gained 39 cents , or 1.9 percent , to $21.16 . shares hit a 52-week high of $21.34 earlier in the session .
the key to developing an outdoor living area is to think about functionality , to think long term and to manage your expectations going into it . for the majority of homeowners working within a budget , it makes good sense to plan the project in phases .
source 3 : wordswordswordswordswordswordsit's hard to beat chicago in chicago . the home field is a bigger advantage than all the matchup stuff.' '
aside from her obvious ability and remarkable work ethic , part of snyder's genius is that , if she has an ego , it never shows .
nelson , the 50th pick , played in 14 games for carolina before retiring because of ongoing hip problems .
in ancient rome , rape of a woman was tantamount to end of any hope of honorable life and " honor killing " was considered a sympathetic act of the family members . roman law pater familias provided complete power to the men of the family over their children and wives . ancient roman law condoned killing women who had committed adultery by their husbands . for long time in greece , the laws provided powers to husbands over wives as women were believed to be socially below the men . in many ancient cultures including babylonian , egypt , native american and persian cultures , women convicted of infidelity were given harsh sentences . chinese husbands would cut off the hair of wives accused of illicit relationships and crush them to death by elephants .
late last week , the white house , in a reversal , said it was considering selling new warplanes to taiwan -- the democratic island china claims as a breakaway territory .
someday , i might find myself including 1990s music in the category of oldies . i'm not sure how comfortable i will be when that time comes .
the runoff's result could affect serbia's bid to join the eu , a bid led by tadic . serbia formally became a candidate for entry in march .
the blurring is also evident in the organizations ' upper ranks . panetta previously served as cia director , and that post is currently held by former four-star u.s . army gen . david petraeus .
" they said it was going go drop 3 or 4 feet, " he said late in the afternoon . " well , it hasn't dropped that much . "
miami -- ohio state dropped out of the ap top 25 for the first time since 2004 , ending the longest streak in the nation of top 25 appearances . the buckeyes had been ranked for 103 straight weeks . the buckeyes still got some votes , and were 26th in the coaches poll and 32nd in the ap . . . .
the threat was that the colts could , from a huddle close to the line of scrimmage , start the play immediately , preventing defenses from constantly changing personnel and forcing them to try quickly to decipher what manning might do . generally , though , manning would change the play (audiblize) at the line of scrimmage , shout out a fake play , move his receivers , recognize where the blitz would come from and await his linemen's blocking assignments ' call . the actual play preparation could take up most of the 40-second clock .
the ohio attorney general later took the case to the u.s . supreme court , but the high court refused to hear the appeal jan . 23 , thereby ending the case . mason's office has maintained there is ample evidence to prove d'ambrosio is not innocent .
i agree with the writer that there are many pressing problems facing new jersey , and america in general , so we need to allow marriage equality , this most basic civil right , to everyone in the country (as so many other nations around the world have done with no breakdown to their societies) , so that we can concentrate on those problems . itwordswordswordss time .
before the wrongful-death case could proceed , however , u.s . district judge o'neill was to determine whether a limit should be set on the financial liability of the two boat owners . k-sea and ride the ducks , citing an 1851 maritime law , wanted their financial liability capped at the value of their vessels involved in the crash : $1.65 million for the tug and $150,000 for the duck boat .
adjustments also must be made on the field during each kangaroos game because the fields here are larger than in australia .
pedro almodwordswordsvar is a great classicist .
employees and company officials at cds global , a des moines-based subsidiary of hearst corp . , kicked off a yearlong celebration of its 40th anniversary last week .
" you could tell he was in trouble and he was probably going to crash . it took about five seconds for all of this to happen . "
this is the fourth time a tiger has been involved in an alcohol-related incident . youngwordswordss older brother , former tiger dmitri young , was arrested in 2006 after a domestic dispute and miguel cabrera was detained during the final weekend of the 2009 season after a night of drinking and fighting with his wife wordswords no charges were filed . in 2011 , cabrera was arrested for a dui in st . lucie county , florida .
some states , such as kansas , don't require winners to reveal their identities . even in those that do , winners can find ways to stay out of the public eye .
how can it not , given the bitter backstory between them ?
with the kentucky derby less than two months away , it's time to start getting serious about contenders for america's most prestigious horse race , and saturday's grade ii $300,000 san felipe stakes at santa anita presents another opportunity to stay on the derby trail .
plowing through new hampshire before tuesday's primary , gingrich is indulging an innate sharp edge that has won him attention - and enemies - from his days as a back-bencher in the house in the 1980s . now , as always , he risks nicking himself in the process .
" i applaud edgar for his ability to develop the cultural capital for wordswordswords the project . if it comes to communication with funders and the art world about the project , i'd give him an a+, " said lowe , founder of project row houses in houston . " but when it comes to internal stuff , how he's been able to use the project as a way to access the potential of the existing community , that's a different story . "
throughout thursday , twitter users called for mobilizing at the park to " fight for your rights . "
according to hamilton , about 40 slug aficionados gathered one bright september saturday around the course on a big board outside the brightwood tavern .
during her campaign , she proposed reversing the privatizations of large french companies such as telecommunications carrier france twordswordslwordswordscom sa and power giant electricitwordswords de france sa . she also put together a 12-step plan to exit the euro , under which the bank of france would recover its prerogative to issue the national currency , the franc .
" i don't know . . . it's just a game, " bowlby said after pitching 12 innings in relief of taylor barnouski . " for me , it's a challenge , and you've got to step up every inning . it's a game . that's pretty much it . it's not a usual , though . "
hall , the ma petite shoe customer who wore her campbell color-blocked shoes the night she purchased them , goes online to make sure she doesn't miss the release of collaborations between the designer and the boutique . she knows that once the specialty shoes have been sold , they're gone for good .
creme brulee . once the cream is heated , add flavorings like coffee , lavender , or savories such as butternut squash . cover the pot , turn off the heat and allow the cream to infuse for at least 10 to 20 minutes . for stronger flavors , citizen cake's elizabeth falkner suggests an additional step : leave the flavoring in the cream , cool , cover and store overnight in the refrigerator before straining and reheating . for a perfect creme brulee that is creamy and delicate , it is imperative to not over mix or over bake it . baking should always be done in a water bath to allow even cooking and to prevent a crust from forming .
the calories and other nutrients absorbed from brines vary and are difficult to estimate . therefore , this recipe contains no analysis .
like many long-time homeowners , gerry rock and todd pagenhart had outgrown their house , but didn't want to leave the familiarity of their neighborhood or deal with the hassles of moving to a larger one .
diamondbacks manager kirk gibson recognizes the importance of that trait . he saw it after saunders ' last start , a rocky one against the cardinals , but one the pitcher immediately brushed off and filed away .
2 rearrange furniture groupings centered on a fireplace , or arranged for wintertime coziness . instead , bring those pieces closer to open windows , fresh air and the light from longer days .
service was attentive and generally well modulated . the only slip was in the timing of our appetizer and salad , both of which arrived simultaneously .
beane traded talented starters and fan favorites , trevor cahill and gio gonzalez . he also traded all-star closer andrew bailey .
if that makes the creation of a holographic shakur seem easy , it's not -- especially because the virtual shakur's performance was not based on archival footage .
aprilwordswordswordss income tax collections are the big factor toward getting the money to pay for what was a roughly $29 billion budget that runs through june . on tuesday , christie is scheduled to lay out his budget for the next fiscal year .
after being contacted by road rant , odot's sign folks reviewed the setup and determined that it's a sign short of ideal . officials said an airport marker -- one of those little add-on signs featuring the image of an airplane -- will be attached onto the i-480 west sign located at the split to point hopkins traffic in the right direction .
karpovtsev and korolev went to school together and played together for nearly all their pre-nhl careers in russia . they came to north america after the 1991 collapse of the soviet union gave freedom of movement to russian players .
according to the santa ana , calif . , real estate data firm corelogic , 2.44 of portland-area homes with a mortgage were in the foreclosure process in january . that represents an increase of 0.06 percentage points compared with the same month a year earlier .
the commissioner said he wrestled the scissors away from his wife , which resulted in a small cut on her hand , police said .
with so much energy available to work for us now , we humans must make an effort to get the exercise that used to automatically burn fat .
he has promised to keep the deficit in check by raising taxes on the wealthy and closing some corporate loopholes wordswordswords but some investors say that will kill the very growth he hopes to foster .
support meeting spanish-speaking group for family members of an adult or teen with a mental illness meets from 7 p.m . to 8:30 p.m . friday , june 24 , at wilde lake interfaith center , 10431 twin rivers road , columbia . free . information : 410-772-9300 .
another jobs report from europe underscored the gravity of the continuing debt crisis there . the 17 countries using the euro reported that unemployment rose to 10.9 percent in march , the highest since the euro was launched in 1999 .
calories for a good cause . central florida food bloggers are participating in the national food bloggers bake sale for share our strength from 10 a.m.-1 p.m . saturday at the winter park harvest festival office , 427 s . new york ave . baked goods will be for sale outside of the office and in the parking lot . the event also will include raffle items from kitchenaid , chicago metallic and local restaurants .
fields was booked into fourth avenue jail on felony counts of aggravated assault and interference with education , and misdemeanor counts of endangerment and disorderly conduct , according to booking documents . he was released early wednesday after posting $10,000 bond .
population of san francisco county :
follwell had pledged at her daughter's funeral to get shoulders on the roads . frump said the work had been cathartic for him .
he then jumped at the chance to portray presumed presidential challenger mitt romney as unprepared to make the kind of hard call required to send u.s . forces on that highly risky mission .

arline fisch first encountered jellyfish in the 1960s in the laboratory of a marine biologist in copenhagen . they were dead and not all that thrilling , but the specimens piqued her interest and she soon became enamored of the animal's shapes and colors .
in the year ending sept . 30 , hotel occupancy downtown was 61.7 percent , according to walker , president of san antonio-based source strategies , which did not bid on the consulting job .
place the meat in a 6-quart slow cooker . pour the enchilada sauce over the meat . top with the hominy , onion , chilies , garlic , cayenne pepper and oregano . cover , and cook on high for 6 to 7 hours . stir in the cilantro . cook on low for 30 minutes more .
please do not waste the city's money and resources with recall of the blameless (remember the lighting and landscaping tax recall back in the 1990s ? ) instead , invest your labors in securing a city council seat for yourself so that you can right the wrongs (revise wages and benefits) as a city official and not just be the biggest complainer in town . let us all have the benefit of your foresight , knowledge and tenacity in future city plans .
how is it different from hepatitis a and b ?
the younger generation , who grew up wordswordswordsunder the tablewordswordswords wordswordswords literally where vendorswordswordswords children would sleep and play during shows wordswordswords has also adopted the philosophy of selling nostalgia .
the earliest a measurable amount of snow occurred was on oct . 2 , in both 1974 and 2003 .
for months rummel lived with a great deal of pain . he said he took several medications to try to make the pain subside but at times felt like he had a third-degree sunburn .
various artists (rhino)
the declaration would permit the federal emergency management agency to supplement state and local relief efforts .
the state's best attackman is off the board for the class of 2013 . wilkins dismuke , a star for rock canyon lacrosse , has committed to johns hopkins .
none of these changes make the baltimore sun a newspaper without a prevailing , if less pronounced , politically left bias . it does , however , make it now a good source for readers of varying political ideologies .
" we wanted to make sure they stayed, " lee said . " whenever we get any indication that people want to expand or move , we're on it . "
yesterday we asked yahoo employees to tell how angry are they , exactly ?
dear amy : i'm in my mid-20s . my mom passed away last month . she had been sick , but it was still very sudden .
ts# : 739703ca
murdoch said he was not responsible for the hacking scandal , and denied his company was guilty of willful blindness over hacking .
in internal emails that followed the nov . 4 briefing , state officials expressed support for fracking as critical to oil and gas extraction , a $7.7 billion a year industry in wyoming that accounts for 20 percent of the state's gross domestic product .
5 . gov . christie urges residents to vote down towns that try to ' get around ' property tax cap . voters in lawrence and medford are being asked to go beyond the property tax cap , and governor christie is telling voters to reject those caps . but medford says that the extra money is needed , and that trash pick-up will be eliminated if the cap isn't circumvented .
for now , hinshaw will hit the road - albeit for shorter drives - beginning tuesday as hbu visits high schools as part of the current evaluation period , which ends may 31 .
frank biro , director of adolescent medicine at cincinnati children's hospital , believes the impact can occur even after a baby leaves the womb .
it is unclear whether a similar compromise is possible today . medicare , in particular , has emerged as a central flash point between the two parties .
" i don't think there's any doubt now that it was the recession . it could not be anything else, " said carl haub , a demographer with the population reference bureau , a washington , d.c.-based research organization . he was not involved in the new report .
atmosphere : the newest dim sum spot on millbrae's restaurant row , the kitchen has merely functional decor (think live seafood tanks and menus that deck the walls) , but it's nevertheless gleaming and clean . servers walk around , calling out the names of their wares in chinese , but are ready with an english translation when asked .
the american model would be less expensive in part because it would not require the boreholes , vidale said .
philadelphia-area pharmaceutical , biotech , and medical-device companies send pills , proteins , and devices all over the world , but foreign companies also continue to send their people here to set up shop so they can sell products and services to local consumers and businesses .
--chuck s . , littleton
elmer used a restaurant-quality raspberry jam for the filling , but you can use seedless raspberry jam from the grocery store . put it in a bowl and whip it up a bit for easy spreading , and spread all the way to the edge of the cake layers .
" a lot of us lean towards compassion , but my focus is still on getting a legal system that works, " demint said . " and that's the best way to deal with the problem . "
they'd been making the model t at two minneapolis locations since 1912 , turning out 92,963 so-called tin lizzies in 1923 alone . and with the transportation network developed to ship grain , lumber and iron ore out of minnesota , a robust market stood ready to be served .
no one doubts the honest passion of those who fear vaccines . and for some people , no amount of communication or dialogue or reasoning will stop them from worrying . but risk perception is ultimately subjective , a combination of the facts and how those facts feel , and sometimes our fears don't match the evidence . the dangers that sometimes arise because of the way we perceive risk must be managed , too . but we must act in the face of this threat to public health .
from the czech republic to greece , the eastern part of europe is changing so fast that you could visit every year and feel as if you've experienced something completely new . as the european union subsidizes development in its relatively poorer countries , a lot of eu money is flowing east . with this financial aid and the release of so much pent-up energy in the last generation , there's plenty of good news for travelers in 2009 .
as the water receded , the last stretch of standing water tuesday night was the two blocks west of guilford on westfield .
" we decided that reasonableness should still apply, " swingle said . " you have to have a reasonable belief that it is necessary to defend yourself from the imminent use of unlawful force . "
the incident was later hotlined to the state children's division which then alerted city police . two 24/7 staff members on the field trip were questioned by police on june 11 and admitted they had failed to do a head-count nor realize that one of the children was missing . they were arrested for endangering the welfare of a child , but the city circuit attorney's office declined to take up the charges .
neither child could walk , according to the petition , and solomon told investigators his neck hurt . he asked for bread .
federal authorities ordered him to complete his sentence in an atlanta prison instead . in 2008 , the rapper pleaded guilty to federal weapons charges and serve time in prison , but was arrested on drug charges and sent back for an additional 11 months . on wednesday , he was released a month early to serve out his time at the halfway house .
donations of clothing for the family , which includes a 21-year-old girl , 20-year-old girl , 17-year-old boy , 13-year-old girl , 11-year-old girl , 7-year-old boy and a 2-year-old boy , are being accepted . three girls wear a misses/junior small , one girl wears a misses/juniors medium , 17-year-old boy wears a large , tall (he's 6'-5") , 7-year-old boy wears a 12 , and the 2-year-old boy wears a 24 mo toddler . mom wears an xl and dad wears a 2xl , tall .
more than $800,000 -- nearing halfway toward its $1.9 million goal needed to complete the first phase of the grant fields improvement project .
" i've been reading the abcs of pitching , and i have learned so much from that, " norton said . " pitching is an entire game to itself inside the game of baseball . it is a lot more than you'd think it would be just growing up . between that and the help i got from my little league coach , grant smith , coming up has really made the game fun for me . "
he stated his expectation that illinois should compete for big ten championships , and when the football and men's basketball teams finished their seasons with significant swoons , he moved quickly .
the fun began with the brandenburg concerto no . 1 by bach . it's a concerto in the old sense of a small group of mixed instruments , in this case played by members of the st . louis symphony , that allow each group to show off separately as well as together (in " concert " as it were) .
washington -- the number of people seeking unemployment benefits fell last week to a level that signaled a steadily improving job market . the figures came one day before the government is expected to report that january marked another solid month for hiring .
a second witness , jim grobolsek , president of beacon metal fabricators , a custom metal shop in cleveland , also testified that he worked on dimorawordswordswordss home and sent an
in terms of long-term effects , experts estimate that if 10,000 people were each exposed to 10,000 wordswordssv of ionizing radiation in small doses over a lifetime , about five or six more people in the group would die of cancer than would be expected without the radiation exposure .
yet christie made sure to squeeze in a swipe at jon corzine . the mere mention of the former governor of mf global fame incited a collective groan from the crowd seated around dozens of round tables in gowns and tuxedos .
" we just became really close and fond of each other's work . he's one that i look up to tremendously , one that i've never played for , but i show the same respect as if he was my own head coach . "
a judge wednesday awarded $94,000 in fees and other costs to lawyers representing a handful of latinos in a lawsuit that alleges racial profiling in maricopa county sheriff joe arpaio's immigration patrols .
" it's hard to come back from seven runs, " gonzalez said . " we're always pushing and trying to make it happen . but it's not going to happen every single night . "
5 . the power of habit : why we do what we do in life and business , by charles duhigg , $28
the suv crossed into an emergency lane and over a ditch , then went back on the road and crossed two traffic lanes before crashing into trees , police said .
crystal also is known for its cultural enrichment programs . my cruise was the " iberian focus, " and an onboard instructor taught passengers helpful spanish phrases , while an expert on the region's moorish and arab-influenced architecture lectured on what we could expect to see in each port .
many people in their 40s and 50s also are growing tired , emotionally if not physically , of their career grindstone .
white , who missed his junior football season because of a concussion , needed a big high school all-star game at the end of his senior year to be discovered by arizona state football coach frank kush .
1 tbsp . sun-dried tomato pesto
fish said that ali shama has yet to adequately respond to him and now says that if he doesn't hear back from him within " roughly " a week he plans on filing a charge of discrimination with the u.s . equal employment opportunity commission (eeoc) under title vii of the civil rights act , which prohibits discrimination in the workplace based on race , color or religion .
that grew out of a desire to take advantage of infrastructure already in place , which keeps costs down , and rejuvenation of many urban centers as attractive places to live and visit .
" i think it's unethical, " said judy brandon , who had arrived at the airport from lincoln , ill . , and was waiting for friends to pick her up . " i don't think they do that in illinois . they have unmarked cars . "
while baking bread can be intimidating to home cooks , it doesn't have to be , says ryan mccaskey , chef/owner of acadia (1639 s . wabash) . at his fine dining restaurant , mccaskey offers a housemade biscuit to his diners before the entree . even though he was a baker and pastry chef for six years , mccaskey says making great breads comes down to practice and learning what feels right in your hands .
wordswordswordssometimes we interject,wordswordswords said riley . wordswordswordswe have to educate the public that this is the governorwordswordswordss reorganization plan . we still donwordswordswordst have the plan hewordswordswordss submitting , so these are legislative hearings on the report.wordswordswords
by then the fire , which started in a second-floor kitchen , had already done significant damage and extended into the third floor , said union countywordswordswordss fire coordinator , lathey wirkus , who was at the fire scene at about 6:10 p.m .
pastor donald hilliard , jr . brought the huge congregation to its feet for wordswordswordsan intercession for that young man.wordswordswords he said god would intercede , through a belief in the rutgers player's recovery .
lafayette upended visiting francis howell central 9-2 friday .
hoover was racing around in his home , pulling furniture away from windows , when the light outside went black . then , his windows glowed orange . heat filled the home . flames were lapping at his house , and there was no place for him to go .
at some point , itwordswordswordss not a bad idea to start attaching the same minimum standard to tannenbaum , who crafted the porous offensive line that caused so many headaches (figurative for jets fans , literal for sanchez) this year , who was the one who acquired holmes and his poisonous personality , who assembled every ruinous piece in the lost locker room that ryan was forced to answer for at seasonwordswordswordss end .
" instead of saying throw all the chemicals out , we should be teaching people how to use them in a safe fashion, " he said . " nail polish has been used safely for decades . "
" dnc better not even think about it, " markos moulitsas , liberal founder of the influential daily kos , a political blog , wrote monday on twitter .
the jaguars (20-3 , 11-2 pacific conference) weren't at their best , but had enough to get by the vikings (6-17 , 1-12) , who have now lost eight straight .
but he tells kodiak radio station kmxt the move to the higher level will help progress his running career , possibly even trying out for the olympic team .
even if state law won't be changing soon , officials have been trying to crack down on and discourage texting among the state's drivers . the transportation department displays signs on highways warning drivers not to text . the state highway patrol also has started a campaign to raise public awareness about the dangers of texting and driving .
3216 monterey street , $714,000 , 02-29-12 , 1,200 sf , 3 br

colorado defensive end conrad obi (6-3 , 290) appeared in 41 career games , including all 25 over the past two seasons . after playing just 99 snaps on defense in his first three years , he was on the field for 381 snaps on defense and made seven starts as a senior . obi totaled 36 tackles during his four seasons with the buffaloes , including a career-high 31 tackles , three pass break-ups , one tackle for loss , and one fumble recovery in 2011 .
dibiasi , who surrendered to the state police official corruption bureau , is accused of receiving the bribe from a person who was hired as county sheriff's investigator in early 2005 , according to the statement .
questions concerning attendance are significant because school districts receive state funds based on the number of hours students spend in class . the state sends st . louis public schools about $20 for each day a student spends in class , according to a district spokesman .
it took a long time to fall back to sleep , wondering what such a delay might have meant in a fast-moving blaze .
the dispute centers on a 1 percent rate cap included in proposition c to assuage fears that the law would inflate electric bills .
the climax , if you will , came as di toro went out for drinks with kelly at a south street seaport dive . afterward , she took the anchor to the law office in which she works because , unlike the single kelly , di toro had someone waiting at home .
morristown wordswordswords accused killer kleber cordovawordswordswordss admission to his sister-in-law that he drowned his wife in a bathtub during a struggle may be used as evidence in his upcoming trial , a superior court judge ruled today .
and finally , are there still other pets out there besides the animals in these 12 categories ? please let us hear from you if your pet's in one of these categories beyond cat and dog , or if your pet's in a category of her or his own . tell us why you chose this pet , and how , and what his or her lifestyle is like (food , play , interactivity , lifespan . . . ) .
wigginton said mccallum is now cooperating with authorities , and noted , " we would have to test everything he tells us . "
clayton high school took top team honors in the large school division and villa duchesne oak hill school won the small school division in the st . louis regional tournament of the 2012 worldwide youth in science and enginering academic challenge .
in addition to announcing the suspensions , the league also sent a memo to all 32 teams reminding teams that any sort of non-contract incentive program is prohibited . goodell instructed head coaches to go over these rules with their teams this month .
if confirmed , kwon would be the first asian american on the court and first foreign-born member of the court .
sass's staging does not trust the naturalism that pinter felt so essential to the play . actors are aware they are acting , on some occasions playing to the crowd , and certain key scenes are performed almost as vaudeville rather than instruments of evisceration .
quick to dish dirt with the playfulness of a brother (there was an incident of poison ivy that can't be discussed here ; an aversion to camping that would have marra leaving his two boys on a scouting overnight trip while he went home to sleep in his own bed , quietly driving back the next morning at daybreak ; and that fascination with chrissie hynde) , timpone at the same time called marra the smartest lawyer he knows .
alexandria , va .
sarah alfredson , samantha anderson , samuel anderson , jorge arcuri , michael armstrong , zachary arnold , tejveer bains , ashley bauso , ashley becker , tyler belot , jenna benvenuti , brianna benz , dominick bonomo , alexander bruzzi , mason butts , brittany campagnale , hanna caridad , stefan ceconi , raul chamale , caroline chaves , brooke cheng , paul christin , brady clarke , ocean colburn , lauren conrad , cassidy cope , phillip croker , luke d'ascoli , brian davidson , matthew delafield , hannah delohery , nicholas didomenico , drew disorbo , logan doud , paul dower , steven doyle , taylor duffany , turner ellis , cameron fairchild , colm farrell , katie faulenbach , emily federowicz , michael fitch , terrence flynn , elisabeth foreman , dakota foshay , michael giudice , kara golembeski , kathryn grieco , austin guggenheim , trevor hallas , ben hannan , brian hanrahan , robert holub , jena hook , alexander hunt , lucas inferrera , justin johnson , gyan kandhari , hayley kozar , lea krebs , jessica lariviere , derek laurentus , alyssa law , kyle lindner , justin lourenco , corbin lyons , krystal macintyre , silas mader , arden mancini , nicholas marino , matthew martinez , beatrisa mataj , and duncan mateer .
telescope viewing chamberlin observatory , 2930 e . warren ave . , on the university of denver campus , has astronomy presentations and allows use of the 20-inch alvan clark refractor telescope beginning at 8 p.m . tuesdays and thursdays . info : http://mysite.du.edu/~rstencel/chamberlin/ , or call 303-871-5172 for reservations .
wordswordsi want to enjoy the moment on the floor,wordswords he said . wordswordsi want to finish off the season.wordswords
the gunman vanished , but this immature trigger will be heard from again .
" we're mentally tougher . we've talked a lot about the adversity we've gone through throughout the course of the season . when things are getting tough on us as a group , we stick to our systems well, " forward matt hendricks said . " we don't deviate away from them , the way we used to , where we'd get down a goal or two and we'd get ' individual . ' we'd try to do things on our own . (now) we're relying on our system , on our teammates , and it's benefiting us . "
the data , collected by the state judiciary , breaks down arrests and summonses by broad category of crime , but not specific offenses .
hurricane watches were issued along the north carolina coast this morning , and tropical storm watches extend further south along south carolina and georgia . at this time , it appears the greatest impacts from irene would be felt in new jersey overnight saturday through about midday sunday , according to nws mount holly .
" the site's industrial buildings are not suited to developing the kind of state-of-the-art , patient-centered facility needed for slucare, " said university spokesman clayton berry . " that being said , the university is - as part of its planning process - looking at which site features could possibly be preserved , including the tall smokestack and the facade of the building at grand and chouteau . "
on the global political stage , i'm thankful that osama bin laden finally got some payback , and that iran and north korea haven't done anything totally crazy with nuclear power yet .
update:sections of north tustin are listed in a very high fire hazard severity zone , according to the orange county fire authority . to find out if your house is in a fire path , visit www.ocfa.org .
then comes the defense , which has played outstanding all season and deserves much credit for those gaudy goalie stats . and not only do they protect the net , they produce . kevin shattenkirk's 23 points ranks 18th in the league among defensemen and alex pietrangelo comes in right behind him with 21 points , good enough for 26th among defensemen . and with shatty (plus-17) , petro (+14) and barret jackman (+13) , the blues have three defensemen who rank in the top
i was filled with an anger and sorrows and doubts and melancholy . and i took it out on my first wife . i made her life pretty much a hell . so i start transcendental meditation , and two weeks later she comes to me and says , " what is going on ? this anger , where did it go ? " things lift away so naturally .
ford is tackling the popularity of diesels head-on in europe where the automaker plans to more than triple the production of vehicles with fuel-efficient gasoline engines .
his goal is to get people to visit the area , learn about it , care about it and protect it . like many who own smaller farms , he wants agritourism to grow , maintaining the area's viability and increasing the growers ' ability to say " no " to developers .
the fund was created to help governments collaborate and share services or even merge .
calling all young adult readers ! feel free to participate by commenting on these discussion questions .
he doesn't sell tobacco to anyone under 19 years old , put in a video camera to record transactions and installed an identification card reader to allow clerks to quickly determine a customer's age , band said .
kim almost didn't go to the party to watch the election returns on nov . 4 , 2008 . a third-grade teacher at curtis elementary school on chicago's far south side , kim , 33 , had been planning to spend election night at home .
" lambarena, " val caniparoli's gimmicky fusion of the baroque and the tribal , with kathi martuza dancing full out , closed the show .
the pair allegedly have had a 10-year-affair (go ahead , do the math , shudder , and get back to me) . which is allegedly why freeman's wife filed for divorce .
brian bergin , the attorney representing cochise county sheriff larry dever as a defendant in one of the lawsuits , said he appreciated the fact that bolton didn't prevent sb 1070 in its entirety from becoming law .
leblanc's muskie guide published in 1957 , " muskie fishing : fact and fancy , lore and lures, " has been on my book shelf for more than 30 years . backus guides walleye anglers in spring , perch fishermen in fall , and carries on the muskie tradition all summer long on lake st . clair .
wordswordswordswe believe the reverse split improves soligenixwordswordswordss capital structure and creates a more appealing stock price , thereby , giving us access to a larger market audience .
check for carp : lake erie boaters are complaining about being checked , while ohio's u.s . sen . sherrod brown is complaining that u.s . customs and border protection is not checking trucks for illegal loads of live u.s.-raised asian carp destined for canadian markets . last year , brown called on canada to do more . in a letter to acting commissioner david aguilar of u.s . customs and border protection , brown said u.s . enforcement officers need to do their part in stopping the high-risk shipments of the invasive carp .
european stocks rallied into the close a day after one of their worst drops in months . monday's sell-off followed fears that deficit-cutting deals by some european nations might unravel .
jamshid muhtorov pleaded not guilty this morning in u.s . district court to providing material support to the islamic jihad union .
8:10 : ll's nicknames for artists include " sir o.g . mccartney . " taylor swift . . . his " girl from around the way . "
bird flu is lethal more than half of the time it strikes humans . it is also very hard for humans to catch . most people who have developed bird flu have been in close contact with infected birds ; only a few have gotten sick from very close contact with infected people . but virologists and public health officials have worried that the virus might have the potential to mutate so that it could pass more easily between humans , through droplets in the air .
" kids get hyped, " he says . " ask friends with kids to bring the kids ' favorite video or dvd . try to have some things for them . "
a man sexually assaulted a woman after following her into the restroom at an ahwatukee restaurant early saturday morning , police say .
joshua spivak is a senior fellow at the hugh l . carey institute for government reform at wagner college . he writes for the recall elections blog .
under cross examination , wei also acknowledged that after ravi walked out of her room to take a shower , she turned the web camera back on to show four of her girlfriends who had entered her room . one of them was pooja kolluri , who testified earlier in the day .
(05-03) 11:30 pdt atlanta (ap) --
marc merry , 51 , of lenexa stood outside , waiting for a tour with his 9-year-old daughter , caroline , a member of the junior construction panel (think board member) . she's a fan of both the pink and purple lego friends and the ninjago sets . her dad also played with the iconic bricks as a child . creating with his hands was a joy . and now , as a father , he says it's cool to see caroline and her 17-year-old sister explore the creative possibilities of lego together .
" there was one cat that nobody messes with wordswords she would only let precious feed her, " reynolds said .
the agreement does not specifically prevent her from working for a facility overseen by the department of public health , such as a nursing home , but the licensing division has shared its findings with public health officials , lopez said .
chris goldfinger , an oregon state university marine geology professor , happened to be in japan on march 11 and experienced the magnitude-9 quake , which cut short an earthquake conference he was attending .
slay : " we can and we will . "
the commissioners have negotiated perks for themselves . the nine panel members would get the equivalent of 10 free tickets each to every trojan contest at the stadium , plus premium parking and access to a vip hospitality area on game days .
wordswords14200 block red hill , beggar , 5:25 p.m .
academic bio : cum laude . . . honor roll (four years) .

mills leaned in and said : " i think he should leave . "
" tyler is more what jim wrote . if you look at the books , alex cross is a 40 year old man with two young children and a beautiful young wife . he's a big , physical guy . tyler is 41 years old , 6 foot 5 , two hundred and something pounds , very physical and yet very sensitive and gentle . "
frayman , who hails from sosnowiec in poland , survived the holocaust by moving in with a non-jewish neighbor , maria balagova , when he was 3 , while his mother hid , unknown to him , in a rain barrel under their apartment building's basement coal bin .
a graduate of siuslaw high school , started his college career at oklahoma before playing a few tournaments for osu in 2008-09 .
pony division : selmonwordswordswordss shell defeated f.t.s.s . , 11-8 , as tynan mayer pitched for the win . timothy mckenzie had three hits , including two doubles , and two runs scored . shane matthews added two hits and two rbis . zachary chin had a rbi double . for f.t.s.s . , joseph crespo had a rbi triple . in a rematch , f.t.s.s . defeated selmonwordswordswordss shell , 10-7 , behind winning pitcher juan morales . michael andrusiewicz had two hits and two rbis . louis lombardo and sean jones (double) each drove in a run on a hit . for selmonwordswordswordss shell , mayer scored twice .
the pilot , flying with traffic reporter mike lankford for metro networks , which was providing traffic reports for a number of tv and radio stations , put the plane down on the northbound lanes of the turnpike in cherry hill about two miles south of exit 4 .
lou vitantonio , president of the greater cleveland automobile dealers association , said the continued gains in sales are a good sign .
when a steak house cuts back on bells and whistles , you get , well , a steak house . that's not to say that things aren't good at bourbon steak , because many items are still excellent , but the restaurant has scaled back its ambitions in both food and service .
wordswordswordsi watched his cutter in his first start , the command wasn't there and all of a sudden you saw it in minnesota . it was there in detroit . all of a sudden you saw him starting to command the baseball better . that's probably just relaxing in the situation . there's a lot of expectations on that young man . there's a lot of players who deal with it here sometimes when you're a first round pick and expected to come in and put up huge numbers and be an ace . each time that he has (gone) out i've seen his command improve.wordswordswords
it appeared that evans ' second foot touched the ground right before moore's play . the ravens initially celebrated , then several players threw their helmets at a wall behind their bench when the play was ruled incomplete . nobody in the locker room complained that a replay review should have taken place .
as we all know , limbaugh's 1st amendment rights aren't involved here wordswordswords freedom of speech means freedom from interference by the government . but the spirit of the 1st amendment , which is that suppressing speech is bad , still applies . if you don't care for something limbaugh has said , say why and say it better . if you're on the side of truth , you have a natural advantage .
the number of attempts from the midfielders did not bother blue jays coach dave pietramala .
" every possible lead is being examined, " said rep . peter king , who heads the house homeland security committee . king , r-n.y . , said he expected that in the " near future , several other " members of the secret service will leave .
pressure emerged elsewhere for mr . sarkozy on tuesday , as he engaged in a stiff confrontation with trade unions by calling an election rally in paris on a day traditionally devoted to labor celebration in france , a move that irked labor organizations .
state house speaker thom tillis , a republican from a charlotte suburb , said even if the amendment is passed , it will be reversed as today's young adults age .
it was not known on friday what started the blaze , and officials were continuing to investigate the scene .
to lose the credit means that circle and many other pantries will have less money coming in at a time when demand is still growing .
compare that with " 30 rock " and alec baldwin's loopy ode to dean martin and 1960s variety shows . it was one minute long . short . but potent . fey managed to load more jokes into those 60 seconds - baldwin had a field day with that cigarette , and with politically incorrect drunken asides - than anything on " snl, " where the sketches average between three and five minutes . that's staggering . why isn't " snl " doing shorter , punchier sketches ?
but investors should take tech's success at this stage as a promising sign , says ryan detrick , senior technical strategist with schaeffer's investment research . he says higher-risk bets like tech stocks tend to rise as the market enters a phase of long-term growth .
berth 605
the cardinals avoided being swept at wrigley field for the first time since july 27-30 , 2006 . the cubs took the first two games of the series in their final at-bat , winning their first series of the season under new manager dale sveum .
the stadium food and beer were big time . the television broadcast was real . there were more than 400 timbers army members who made the trip , paid for hotels and rental cars and sang chants through a 3-0 barrage in the first half .
u.s . trade representative ron kirk called the deal " a significant milestone " that advances u.s . economic and strategic interests .
more info : 361 symphony park avenue , thesmithcenter.com or 702-749-2000 .
on friday , they didn't bend that much , but broke plenty while trying to stop the university of oklahoma recruit . neal only managed 86 yards of offense but he got into the end zone three times , and that was the big difference in the host spartans ' 28-0 win friday's season opener for both teams . .
1053 oday av , $226,650
ahmed mohamed , who is the son of mutt's co-owner , told the record newspaper adam's changed the name because co-owner ed madsen had held a trademark on it since 2006 and wanted to use it .
the new england patriots re-signed wide receiver deion branch and signed free agent fullbacks tony fiammetta and spencer larsen .
times editorial
the women's team goes by the name " nadeshiko, " after a mountain flower thought to be a symbol of femininity in traditional japanese culture .

this chain of more than 300 islands is at the westernmost edge of what is considered the polynesian triangle of the south pacific (the three tips being hawaii , easter island and new zealand) . but the islanders are a mix of races and cultures , predominantly melanesian-polynesian , indian and the descendants of european settlers . they are gracious , hospitable and friendly . we didn't encounter any resentment toward tourists .
the reigning nl mvp became the first player to hit three home runs in a game at spacious petco park since it opened in 2004 . his power show came several days after the padres said they are studying bringing in the fences at the downtown ballpark to make it more fair .
wordswordswordsi am going to impress upon my athletes that we are going to show our pride in representing the united states , and that my goal is to beat 17 medals wordswordswords thatwordswordswordss what we got in the last two worlds,wordswordswords he said in a tone that was deliberately stern . wordswordswordsand we are very capable , because a lot of these individuals will be olympians soon.wordswordswords
you don't reserve tables at next , you purchase tickets , much as you would for a concert . diners pay in advance for a seating at a particular time . what they are served varies , as the notoriously modernist achatz changes the menu every three months . last year , the best new restaurant honor went to jean-georges vongerichten's abc kitchen in new york .
there are also 2,000 tons of salt , and more than 1,500 tons of sand available for airport roads and parking lots .
sobe , as south beach is often called , provides the engine that drives tourism , a 24-hour-a-day place where supermodels , actresses and hip-hop stars rub shoulders with visitors from sioux falls , s.d . its exclusive strip of sand supplies a place to see and be seen ; preen and be preened .
and who can leave out hansen (winner of the bc juvenile) or take charge indy (winner of the florida derby) or went the day well (whose connections won the derby last year with animal kingdom) or wordswordswords
t-shirts with the phrase " i solemnly swear that i am up to no good " reflect the phrase that is key to using the marauder's map . they're also seen on a stein . (filch's , $26.95)
1/2 pkg . (7 oz.) medium firm tofu , drained , cut in small cubes
a message left with a tsa spokeswoman was not immediately returned .
for all the casinos , slot machine win fell 8.7 percent , to $206 million , while table game win decreased by 10.1 percent , to $84.6 million .
gemini (may 20-june 19) : can you dumb down any more ? start living up to your talents and abilities instead of apologizing for them . it's the smart thing to do .
3 . hammond , 58
the vibe : no wonder the crowds love this year-round wonder .
that said , blade is waaay too serious . great superheroes need to have a sense of humor and some perspective . this is where guys like mr . incredible score points . of course , i'm biased because i kind of have a thing for his superhero wife . don't ask . . .
the formulas may then be overlaid across other parts of the state for more accurate total numbers of cougars and their overall effect on deer and elk herds .
the madison board of health is pleased to announce the results of its registered environmental health specialist (rehs) survey . rehs (or wordswordswordssanitarianswordswordswords) are responsible , among other duties , for making sure that the 124 retail food establishments in madison handle food safely and do not expose their customers to food-borne illnesses .
thornton knows his role could make all the difference in a life .
" there wasn't a cold winter , and that increased their ability to breed and what you might say , ' remain viable,' " said jerry hatch , a staff entomologist at northwest .
dumping complaint . police received a report of a television that had been left near the tennis courts at tablyn park , 8735 stillwater blvd . police notified the lake elmo public works to remove it .
one person was detained but was later let go .
venezuela's chavez has committed to buying more than $4 billion in russian arms , from sukhoi jet fighters to kalashnikov assault rifles .
well , for those who'll be at the nascar weekend june 15-17 at mis , buckle your seatbelts . it's going to be fast , my friends .
q : about how many u.s . deaths are attributed to lightning each year ?
ohio state noted in its response that if tressel would have reported his knowledge of the players ' violations , they probably would have been suspended for the first five games of 2010 . so an advantage was gained by ohio state for only those first five games last season . the school wiped out the entire season anyway , including the bowl win , basically as a show of good faith .
here's a look at some of those phrases , which serve as a case study of the communist government's extensive web censorshipwordswordswordsand how the public tries to evade the controls :
wasem's actions were unanimously cleared by the police board . the department on thursday declined to comment , citing the ongoing litigation .
in the morning , after breakfast and before heading home , we hiked the 1.75-mile stanford trail , a few feet from the inn , which connects to the 1.5-mile brandywine gorge trail and brandywine falls , one of the loveliest spots in the park .
you can't think about cookies without thinking about hands . whether it's the loving hands that shaped and baked them or the eager hands that pick them up and eat them - especially at a time like valentine's day - cookies , fingers and palms go , fittingly , hand in hand .
ap-wf-10-08-10 2043gmt
amadee also drew the front-page weatherbird from 1932 until his retirement . today , he lives at mari de villa retirement community in town & country . he is 100 years old .
" everyone has to share the road and we all want to do it safely, " he said .
cf jon jay . today : plus-10 . plus-6 runs saved (not ranked) . at the all-star break , colby rasmus was a plus-3 in center with two runs saved (20th in baseball) . he was traded shortly thereafter , and jay took over as the pretty-much-everyday center fielder . here is how jay's defensive numbers have trended since taking over in center :
marilyn owordswordswordsgrady , nature store assistant and question answerer at audubon , says the birds are quite common this time of year , although wordswordswordsyou hear them sing from on high more often than you see them.wordswordswords
collison , who came off the bench behind hill on monday , agrees that he should continue to rest his groin to avoid any further setbacks before the playoffs start april 28 .
you can buy cds or find online recordings of baby sounds , including rattles and cries , yin said . pairing noises with treats will make the newness easier to accept .
and he did get it back , passing denny hamlin for 10th place on lap 168 .
where : chiles center (4,852) , portland
when it comes to showing what some kids go through on a daily basis , " bully " concentrates on the situation of 12-year-old alex libby of sioux city , iowa . ironically , precisely because the sioux city school board takes the bullying problem seriously , it allowed filmmaker hirsch broad access to east middle school and to the buses where much of the bullying of alex takes place .
" what's it all about "
stronger startups are also in the market , hoping to " string together some pearls " at bargain prices , as one entrepreneur put it . the buyer's market conditions , sohail said , have also prompted private equity firms to offer stronger startups investments that could be used to make acquisitions and " roll up " a market niche .
louisville , ky . - bill mott has the breeders ' cup touch . his royal delta defeated a stacked field friday night to cap the first day of the richest weekend in horse racing with a going-away triumph in the $2 million ladies classic .
itwordswordswordss not the first time alexis has told tales on her mother wordswordswords shewordswordswordss made quite a living off it , first on her sirius radio show and now on a hallmark channel show wordswordswords the same network that airs wordswordswordsthe martha stewart show.wordswordswords
when syria pulled its troops out of lebanon in 2005 , it left behind large caches of light weapons with hezbollah and other pro-assad militias-turned-political parties . now some of those weapons are being stolen by members of these parties and sold to the merchants who are supplying the rebels , the same scenario that is happening between the syrian army and the rebels .
in his lawsuit filed in april , carter says he was offered a deal to buy a 2004 mercury sable for $10,175 in late october from car center in waldorf . carter signed a contract to pay $278 a month over 54 months . and a few days later got insurance and temporary tags for the car and drove off .
" i think they understand that if we don't win all three (games left) , we don't have much of a chance (at the ncaa tournament) outside of winning the pac-12 tournament, " altman said . " we just have to go play oregon state and let things take care of themselves . it's the end of the season , lots of people talk about different things , so you've just got to make sure you focus . "
where is the outrage over the mandates known as emtala and cobra for shifting the cost of medical care to the innocent taxpayer and private payer for the care of those who have not taken personal responsibility for their care ?
last time , i looked at why something that's bad for uswordswordswordsgetting a big tax refundwordswordswordsfeels good . our rational side knows we shouldn't give uncle sam an interest-free loan by overpaying our taxes throughout the year , but our emotional side seems to prefer getting a big chunk of change at tax time .
still , many doubt madrid can reach ambitious deficit targets in the middle of a deep economic crisis . spain's government anticipates that gdp may contract 1.7% this year , and the imf on tuesday reviewed its forecast to call for a contraction of 1.8% , from a previous forecast of 1.7% , citing the effect of austerity cuts .
" i was quite relaxed, " arvidsson said . " if i lose , it's just a tennis match . "
whiteside would love to be on the court grabbing rebounds and blocking shots wordswords the two things the coaching staff wants him to focus on . but before he can do that , he must get healthy .
muschamp declined to be interviewed for this story , but in an interview with sporting news last month , he hinted that things arenwordswordswordst always what they seem .
also friday , a small u.n . advance team headed by a norwegian major general , robert mood , was to meet with syria's deputy foreign minister to discuss the cease-fire plans . mood is to set up a u.n . monitoring force with 200 to 250 members if the peace plan succeeds .
chinese investors sure don't like too-strong economic growth .
but the best reason of all is to show off edible cocktails - gorgeous jiggly cubes , slices or pyramids that you serve like hors d'oeuvres . they're making a splash at bars and restaurants and on the party circuit . everybody's doing it . they're passed around on platters at parties , featured on tasting menus or incorporated into desserts .
" these kids had come too far to quit, " he said . " we're not going to back down . "
new york - for 15 years , mariano rivera has decided when the game ends .
uribe , sore left wrist and all that kept him out of the starting lineup , entered at shortstop in the top of the ninth . he immediately picked up a hard one-hopper by pinch-hitter ross gload in the hole and made a strong throw while falling away for the out .
payne is an assistant with kentucky now , incidentally . no shocker there . ask about it his relationship with calipari , and wesley calls it a " friendship . " probably worth a deeper look by the ncaa , although , wesley is no willie lyles . he's too sophisticated and has been doing his job for too long .
but if you want to reconnect with the commitment of making something , especially the abstract form rendered with glorious adroitness , then visit harry widman's retrospective at the hallie ford museum of art at willamette university .
liz's jewels speak to buyers
she works for a boston-based healthcare policy nonprofit , from her apartment in the central west end . she's from st . louis . her husband and family live here . about a year and a half ago , she became the nonprofit's first remote employee .
" i'm done waiting, " he said . " i've done everything i can . i'm ready to get otas with my team and get working . "
but zoning law doesn't say a word about specific regulations that an owner can set forth in a park . according to the city , it's up to the owner to enact the " reasonable rules of conduct " and to enforce them .
the potential loss of millions of dollars in toll revenue explains much of the ambassador bridge co.'s opposition to the construction of what would be a competing , publicly owned detroit river crossing .
the club said howard was doing well after undergoing successful arthroscopic surgery to repair a herniated disk in his lower back on friday in the los angeles area .
assemblywoman caroline casagrande (r-monmouth) said the bill is " clearly written by adults making adult choices . "
wordswords ronald bowman , 183-yard eighth hole at north ridge , 3-hybrid
" saw that the browns signed frostee rucker . did reggie pull a ted williams on us ? " -- pat
the emotion of it all overcame the 6-foot-5 , 319-pounder today .
it's always been quite the scene .
wordswordswordsit was a great atmosphere,wordswordswords anthony said after pouring in 43 points , after tying the game at the end of regulation with a 3 and winning it with 8.2 seconds left in overtime with another one . wordswordswordsthatwordswordswordss how the garden is supposed to be . this was a playoff-type game . we might play these guys in the playoffs if we keep going and getting that seed . so this was a big statement game for us wordswordswords a big win today.wordswordswords
as the calendar turned to 2011 , campbell and jacquemain were unanchored and battling their addictions , on and off the opiates , in and out of rehab . they held jobs for short times .
46665 7 mile rd . , $520,000
what the wings will have , or should have , is confidence , after getting goals from henrik zetterberg and tomas holmstrom on two of seven power plays , and holding the predators to seven shots and no goals during their six power plays .
with voter approval of proposition a on april 3 , the district will purchase a second ambulance and hire an additional six staffers . the proposal is a 26-cent tax increase that will raise about $1.2 million .
jack is a professional .
wordswordsthis ninth major release of os x goes even further in bringing features common to the ipad and iphone to the mac . and when mountain lion hits , likely this summer , apple plans to commit to a roughly 12-month release cycle for new versions of os x .
the 20-year-old is one of music's top concert draws , selling out all 107 dates on her wildly successful fearless tour in 2009-10 . swift's latest album , " speak now, " sold more than 1 million copies in its first week of release wordswordswords the best debut for an album since 2005 .
unemployment benefits in colorado have fallen from a peak of 99 weeks to 86 weeks . on may 12 , they will fall to 73 weeks , with about 6,000 people cut off . an additional 10 weeks will be shaved off in september .
more are coming . earlier last month , a chinese government-backed fund said it would begin co-financing and co-producing movies in both china and the u.s . , and a chinese media entrepreneur set up an $800 million fund to finance films around the world .
that lugar wordswordswords an establishment candidate if there ever was one wordswordswords fell to a tea party-backed republican made clear that the divisions within the gop that were on display in 2010 primaries across the country had not yet healed .
" i feel like these pain clinics that are able to keep doing this are no different than doctor kevorkian . these doctors are killing our young people for money -- that's it, " she said tearfully in a small conference room at the portsmouth health department . " the doctor that prescribed my daughter all of those medicines , she was just a number to him . two-hundred fifty dollars--that's what he valued my daughter's life , that's what i feel like . "
2 . good debut : kendrick perkins finally made his debut for the thunder last night , playing going straight into the starting lineup and helping okc to a 116-89 victory at washington , its fourth win in a row .
the company also took questions about its plans to close nine older coal-fired power plants , including four in ohio .
the nonprofit event is almost entirely dependent on volunteers and good will ; enger and dicamillo , like all 30 of the authors , have waived royalties , and the costs of printing the special soft-cover editions were underwritten by publishers , printers and paper companies .
ausby's outburst was one of several emotional eruptions in court wednesday , following opening statements in the high-profile case , which has highlighted tensions between some black and jewish residents in the park heights area of northwest baltimore . it has also drawn comparisons nationwide to the recent killing of trayvon martin , an unarmed black teenager who was fatally shot down by a hispanic resident while walking through the man's gated florida community . ausby is black , while the werdesheims are white .
at multiple news conferences last week -- nearly all of which were televised live -- sanders urged people to remain calm and follow evacuation orders . as he raced from location to location , providing assurance and briefing the public , his message was constant : we're all in this together , no one is alone .
in the months that it's been off the air , we've seen attempts to imitate the " mad men " early-to-mid-1960s period setting , with nbc's short-lived " the playboy club " and abc's likely-to-be-canceled " pan am . " the new starz series " magic city " takes place in a miami hotel and begins just as 1959 is ending and the 1960s are about to start .
dealers can't get rid of a trade-in until the sale is finalized . and if you return the car , you're entitled to your entire down payment if there is only normal wear and tear to the vehicle , straughn says .
he recalled a devastating crash that claimed two lives in rockcastle county when a man who had been arrested for dui climbed over the backseat and commandeered a state trooperwordswordswordss cruiser and drove it the wrong way on interstate 75 . that led to legislation requiring all law enforcement vehicles to be equipped with cages , he said .
" steve tests you , challenges you , frightens you, " todd rulon-miller , a friend and next executive , said in " the second coming of steve jobs . " " he uses this as a tactic to get to the truth . "
manufacturing is doing quite well . one sector that didn't add jobs is government , which is still adjusting to tight budgets and probably will for some time . 8.3 percent unemployment is still terrible . there are almost 13 million unemployed . there are 5 million long-term unemployed . but if the unemployment rate descends to the low-7-percent range by november , it will substantially improve the democrats ' chances to hold on to the white house .
the new fishing brochure is also available wherever licenses are sold as well as on the cpw website (wildlife.state.co.us) . this year's brochure includes a link to printable fishing maps , with qr codes to access interactive information . it also updates fishing regulations in waters throughout the state .
investigators have identified more than 490 people who were at the school june 4 , as well as the 54 vehicles parked on the campus that day , staton said . to do that , they had to examine photographs taken at the school during the science fair , sometimes checking the license plates of cars appearing in the background .
stretching from the pacific redwoods
however , famu officials would be sadly misguided to see the long-awaited charges as the final act in what must continue to be a vigorous campaign to exorcise the ghastly practice from campus .
these are hoosiers , many of them large , and many tired and sunburned by mile 8 of the 13.1-mile mini-marathon . they don't run , they walk -- and not with that brisk , butt-wiggly gait but ploddingly , determinedly .
if so , the buffs could be playing at home . cu bid on , and was awarded , the right to host a four-team set of first- and second-round ncaa tournament games next season .
wordswordswordsthatwordswordswordss a good question,wordswordswords kelly said . wordswordswordsmy only answer is , it better . we canwordswordswordst schedule another one before we play arizona.wordswordswords
it's strapping but agile , with a fruitiness suggesting fat , juicy bing cherries so inviting no one paused to wash off the suisun valley dust , which could account for the note of mineral complexity in the wine's jammy flavor . it's a firm wine calling for rich food , but its tannins aren't prohibitively rigid . in its concentration , it speaks to a wine made from mountain fruit , though suisun valley isn't exactly mountainous .
" his eyes have cleared up . they're not all red and runny like they were when they picked him up . his skin looks a whole lot better . he has a glow about him . he looks fit, " said my friend , who attended shaw high school and was crowned homecoming queen , years after sowell had already dropped out .
with 46 seconds left , tanisha mctiller added a free throw to give the tigers a 52-45 advantage .
aco simonoski , 52 , of strongsville : sentenced wednesday by judge ronald suster to 18 years in prison for hitting his 51-year-old wife and 22-year-old daughter with an ax during an argument aug . 21 at their hollo oval home . he pleaded no contest and was found guilty of attempted murder , four counts of felonious assault and two counts of domestic violence .
time of year : most often in the winter but possible at any time .
such liability has driven demand for cyber-security expertise , said richard a . clarke , a former chief counter-terrorism advisor for the national security council and author of " cyber war . "
alice waters , one of the world's best-known chefs and an icon of the sustainable food movement , is making plans to bring one of her signature projects to sacramento .
smooth the clay around the ornament to get rid of any seams where the clay overlapped . don't worry if it looks a bit lumpy ; snowballs are not perfectly round .
wordswordswordswe are concerned about the release of witness information to the general public , solely due to safety concerns . there has been a lot of animosity and emotions caused by incomplete and premature disclosure of information . because those emotions still run so high , we want to do everything we can to protect the sanctity of the process and the safety of the witnesses . no good purpose will be served by a media frenzy directed at witnesses,wordswordswords the site said .
last month , the board approved sending more than 11,700 layoff notices to teachers and support staff . the district has laid off more than 8,000 over the last four years but eventually hired many back .
" maybe we're more affluent now , and we're not doing as much of that kind of thing, " he said .
5 . miami . . . 9 . . . 1994-2002
" people have always brought to priests and bishops the most precious things they had , and i see nothing bad in the fact that the leader of the largest confessional in russia receives expensive gifts from the people . "
" i hope a good one . i hope they see that the pirates are not the team that was at depaul and that we're a good basketball team and that we deserve to get in . "
we had told danny and fiona the story of anne frank weeks before our trip ; it is not an easy task to try to explain the holocaust to young children because they keep asking , " why ? why would people do that ? " and of course , there is really no answer . or no answer you want your children to comprehend . but they understood that a girl and her family had been forced to hide for a long time and that they were finally found and all but one killed because they were jewish .
dewine's office steered us to two studies , and both showed a link between child pornography and molestation . but in each case the studies only looked at arrested individuals , and cautioned against applying the data to all persons who had viewed child porn , both arrested and otherwise .
wordswordswords john donoso 1,794
southern illinois university hired the right coach . barry hinson's arrival is good news for exasperated saluki fans and for the missouri valley conference as a whole .
while serving in the army he produced a radio show , and after his discharge he moved to new york city to pursue stage roles . he had small parts in broadway productions of " tall story " and " only in america " in 1959 .
in short , surely sanchez would gladly trade all of the pub he's gotten over the past three months for the press manning has gotten .
charter , based in town and country , is partnering with one economy , a nonprofit group that provides wireless internet and other services to public and affordable housing developments in several cities .
the men ran in " flaming flying magic carpets, " 4 1/2-foot foam boards wrapped in flame print material that they wore around their waists . after the race , lewandowski said the costumes hadn't hindered their running .
riley said it will be difficult to watch murphy on the football field in this season without thinking about thompson .
because of " idol's " bewildering policy of not permitting songs to be performed in full , despite the frivolous wasted air time each week , jessica had little time to fuel the essential tension that slowly builds in the first part of ike and tina turners ' version of " proud mary . "
dk : i am interested .
in fact , detroit documentaries have become such a prevalent phenomenon that the changing gears website ran a tongue-in-cheek guide to making one . it suggested an opening shot of an abandoned building , covered key chapters such as the " post-apocalyptic hell-scape " and offered sarcastic tips like , " don't worry if most of the people you interview are white . young white people who want to rebuild detroit are totally in right now . "
jackson died soon after after being transferred by helicopter to a portland-area hospital .
the tour boat driver stopped about 50 yards from a picturesque islet crowned by swaying palms . the lagoon was so clear that i had no trouble spotting three black-tip sharks circling near the boat . we would have to run a gantlet to get to the alluring white beach off the bow , but no one hesitated . i plowed ahead , wading through waist-deep water , keeping a wary eye on the three fins near me . there were 13 sets of legs and only three sharks . not bad odds . besides , the sharks were small .
as the putt-putt of motorbikes eclipses the clip-clop of donkey hooves , tourist guide sayid abu-seif has decided that development in siwa , his oasis home in western egypt , is moving too far , too fast .
they can easily be injured by debris flying into their eyes .
wordswordswordshe made a mistake , and he feels awful about it,wordswordswords elliott said .
during his eight-year tenure at the park , he designed and supervised the air transport of the first shamu from seattle to san diego , diagnosed the first case of diabetes in a dolphin , and cared for the first gray whale in captivity , gigi , for whom he concocted a fortifying diet of ground-up squid , clams and heavy cream .

" i knew in my heart this day would come, " a tearful stone jr . said on the courthouse steps . " it has been a long haul . "
close taiwan-american ties " are embodied in the travel of individuals between taiwan and the united states , trade and business relations , our cooperation in law enforcement , in educational and cultural exchange , and our shared embrace of democracy and the free market, " he said .
demand for oil and gasoline has been falling , and a friday report indicated high gas prices have impacted other facets of u.s . consumer spending . still , analysts believe investors were cautious about selling ahead of a long holiday break . in february , oil prices shot up more than $7 per barrel as the libyan uprising escalated over the president's day weekend .
1:43 -- back-to-back first downs for the cowboys .
on ohio statewordswordswordss jared sullinger :
melissa leo stars in " francine, " screening may 5 at 7:30 p.m . its directors , brian m . cassidy and melanie shatzky , tell a dramatically grim story about a woman recently released from prison .
have a safe new year .
on sunday , members started meeting in a roomy new building at 3131 e . 23rd st . in granite city with space for 600 in the sanctuary ; the nondenominational church has about 125 people attending services . by contrast , latecomers at the old location , 3237 w . chain of rocks road , sometimes had to stand .
some missouri age groups will have early " play-in " games to earn a spot into the final brackets , but the majority of the tournament will be played june 9-14 . play-in teams were determined by a double-blind drawing with the exception of teams that were seeded based upon last year's results .
i nodded , told him it would be ready soon , then went back to work , layering in the ingredients for this quick concoction that uses time-saver items like pre-cooked chicken , pre-shredded carrots and frozen garlic cubes . even the chuka soba noodles , similar to ramen , cook quickly .
name : the crickets .
she bought a house in norco , in the northwest corner of riverside county . the place was a dump ; her children were aghast . she tore it down to the frame , and piece by piece , put it back together , with flowering shrubs in the front to filter out the dust and high society garlic bushes in the back . soon it was a refined country home . city hall gave her a beautification award .
from its hour-or-so nap and prepares to crown a national big-boy football champion . in washington , president obama will congratulate the dallas mavericks on an nba title .
" i just think defensive guys think more team , and don't feel like they invented the game of football, " said northwestern's pat fitzgerald , a former all-american linebacker at his school . " i've met a lot of offensive guys that think they invented it , and that's ok . it's two sides of the fence . that's what makes it so fun . "
we love the inn , but i'm curious to stay at rimrock the next time . it puts us closer to pappy & harriet's wordswordswords where i got a heavenly tri-tip sandwich on our way out of town wordswordswords and i've already made plans to bring a friend who plays mandolin , our music-loving wives and our small sons , who are more than capable of pitching in on harmonica . that and a case of beer will make a great weekend in the desert as far as i'm concerned . and i'm sure gram would understand .
city and saints leaders are now banking on a $27 million grant from the minnesota department of employment and economic development (deed) to help build a 7,000-seat ballpark in the portion of downtown known as lowertown . but the amount is more than half of deed's available funds , and other statewide projects that were left out of this year's legislative bonding bill are determined to give st . paul a good fight .
the crowd of 46,882 that attended friday's home opener was the second-largest in busch stadium iii history , but because of the team's " dynamic pricing' ' of tickets - in which prices rise with demand - it set a record for one-game revenue at the six-year-old ballpark .
served 6 to 8
origins of both movements are rooted in anger with the nation's financial industry triggered in large part by the federal bailout of wall street institutions in 2008 , according to several experts who study political and social movements .
" the first ltro was essentially to get rid of the wall of banking debt, " bank of france governor christian noyer said in an interview . " the second ltro will be more about lending , as it could bring enough funds for banks to be proactive . "
nobody's more creative than cheryl porro , a 34-year-old san francisco chemical engineer who , one year ago , started a blog called cupcake bakeshop by chockylit . a self-proclaimed baker , she started churning out treats for her family at the age of 8 .
coaches initially planned to play williams at small forward alongside love . but it was ultimately decided that asking him to learn a new position and a new system would be too much , so he started the season as the backup power forward .
putting those theories into practice , however , sometimes proves tricky .
dec . 9 dallas , 1:00
a : ear buds
wordswordswordswe donwordswordswordst look for this to do anything for us,wordswordswords said bradford , a leader of the hickory flat tea party patriots , who plans to work on defeating the regional tax . wordswordswordsthis is not worth swallowing a 1 percent tax . there is nothing wrong with traffic in cherokee county that getting up 15 minutes early wonwordswordswordst solve . this will be another sales tax that wonwordswordswordst go away.wordswordswords
those who would like to delve deeper into history can walk next door to the new mexico history museum , which opened last year .
" to me , whoever runs it , i hope they have some good common sense . i think the (state) should know what it takes . "
lesniak said democrats were defiant for many reasons , but " the overriding one was , i believe , in my opinion , the governorwordswordswordss clear attempt to intimidate the judiciary (committee) in the same manner hewordswordswordss intimidated republicans in the legislature . "
parent organization : phoenix children's hospital .
the first mile is relatively gentle , but after you reach finger rock spring and cross the wash , the trail begins a relentless climb up the canyon .
wordswordsask yourself : as trends develop and new problems arise as a result , what services will be needed to support customers and businesses ? which ones interest me ?
that included stock options and a $1.4 million bonus , awarded under a plan approved in december 2009 by the compensation committee of sanmina's board of directors . among other things , the formula set a minimum target for sanmina to achieve $5.4 billion in revenue for 2010 , which the committee viewed as " moderately difficult to difficult, " according to the company's proxy , which cited challenging economic conditions that led the company to fall short of its 2009 revenue target .
mackinaw city : we stayed one night on the mainland before catching a morning ferry to the island . colonial michilimackinac , on the lakeshore , is a 1770s-era fort and fur-trading village , with costumed interpreters , interactive exhibits , kids activities and more . there's also shop ping , dining -- and plenty of fudge -- in mackinaw city .
consulting company rankings are done by vault , a career resource company founded in 1996 that works with employers , recruiters and universities . vault creates the listings by asking consulting firms to rank each other in several areas of business .
3634 coffee tree ct , $140,000
the place was once a landmark concert venue , hosting the likes of bruce springsteen and tom petty into the 1980s . but people used to wear parachute pants , too , so what makes anyone think it'll work in 2011 ?
scienceindex.com is a health sciences social network established in 1998 to index the very latest news , headlines , references and resources from science journals , books and websites worldwide . the site covers news in all fields of biology , business , chemistry , engineering , geography , health , mathematics and society . in the field of health sciences , the site has now included the two new categories neurology and nutrition . while the neurology category covers the nervous system and its disorders , the nutrition category covers nourishment , including nutrients that organisms must obtain from their environment to maintain health .
1 . holliday spending : the biggest development for the cardinals in 2010 was also the biggest contract (so far) in cardinals history . matt holliday agreed to a seven-year , $120-million contract last january that is the richest the franchise has ever completed . a big-money player for the first time in his career , holliday then went out and had one of the best seasons of any outfielder in the nl . he's the first teammate to have a higher average than pujols in pujols ' career , and holliday won the silver slugger award . holliday was the only outfielder in the nl to rank in the top 10 in average , on-best percentage and slugging . the year ends with holliday making another move . holliday , embracing the role as a franchise fixture , has brought his family north to call the st . louis area home .
" he left libya with a unique set of problems, " cordesman said . " you'd have to go back to nero or caligula to find someone who was able to impose their own personal eccentricities on a state to the degree that gadhafi did . "
then that disappeared . now denise works whatever hours she's offered wordswordswords usually just a few each week wordswordswords cleaning time-share units .
many public restrooms , as well as those in hotels , hospitals and assisted living facilities comply with the americans with disabilities act (ada) by providing raised toilet seats for their customers . however , it is also possible to enjoy the comfort of an elevated seat in one's home .
they did it with hip-hop that was both aggressively political and unrepentantly commercial . the fugees could speak for the underclass and then turn around and repackage the roberta flack hit wordswordswordskilling me softlywordswordswords into a radio-ready showcase for hillwordswordswordss emerging voice . wordswordswordsfu-gee-la,wordswordswords a massive hit , wedded references to louis farrakhan and crack babies (among many other things) to a hook lifted from a featherweight teena marie song . the group sampled or otherwise reinterpreted music by enya , afrika bambaataa , kenny rogers and french protest crooner michel sardou . all contradictions were steamrollered by the groupwordswordswordss irresistible choruses , which drew from classic soul , reggae and cheesy wordswordswords60s pop as well as throwback positive rap .
and finally , at my age , i have lived long enough to not feel the same terror of threat to my lifespan that a younger person may feel . i'm not saying that i don't care about how long i live , that i don't want or won't try to do all i can , but it does mean that i can think differently about my life .
watters also hopes to someday work for cirque du soleil or blast , a marching-band themed show .
the attraction , based on the warner bros . movies about the boy wizard in j.k . rowling's novels , will create more than 1,000 jobs at universal and even more indirectly from an expected boost in tourism , officials said .
" she would really love the fact that college students are able to have kids in a program like that and be able to further their education, " he said .
piracy hosted by us-based sites is actually under control . sites like youtube aren't required to police what their users do , so long as they have a process for reviewing and removing pirated content after the copyrightholder calls the violation to their attention .
in his novel " 2066 : red star over america, " han , china's premier science-fiction writer , depicts a disturbing future . it is the year 2066 . china rules the world while the u.s . festers in financial decline and civil war . a team has been sent to america to disseminate civilization through the traditional chinese board game go . but during the critical go match held at the world trade center , terrorists strike . the seas around new york rise , the twin towers crumble and the u.s . is plunged into pandemonium .
pitcher : lhp johan santana .
on saturday , about 700 people were arrested and given disorderly conduct summonses for spilling into the roadway of the brooklyn bridge despite warnings from police . a group of those arrested filed a lawsuit tuesday , saying officers lured them into a trap before arresting them . video shows officers using bullhorns to try and tell the group to get off the road .
zafir abdul rahman , 24 , of east orange , the driver of the car , was also killed .
romneywordswordswordss campaign has been quick to take the opportunity handed to them by rosen , with ann romney immediately taking to twitter to respond to rosen , tweeting : " i made a choice to stay home and raise five boys . believe me , it was hard work . " ann romneywordswordswordss subsequent appearance on fox news , along with persistent , consistent messaging from the romney campaign , followed soon after , even churning out bumper stickers saying wordswordswordsmoms drive the economy.wordswordswords
" we tried recently to calculate how many kids frank had introduced to skiing , and we got close to half a million . and i think that's a true number, " said jerry groswold , the retired 26-year captain of winter park resort , who worked on bulkley's ski train as a chaperone in the late 1950s , when the eskimo ski club ushered upward of 1,600 kids from denver to winter park and back . " i've found people all over the country who grew up in denver and learned to ski through the eskimo club . "
wordswordsstill , mourinho conceded that bayern " deserve to go through . "
we wouldn't care about them collectively if we didn't know them individually , and it helps to have four oscar nominees in this bunch . ruffalo is the revelation , turning banner into a wry reservoir of calm ready to become a volcano (and his cgi hulk actually provides big laughs) . evans conveys captain america's confusion at being decades away from home , and downey's stark is again a wisecracking wonder with a heart that cracks when a member of the film series is lost .
a team can't turn over half its roster in one year and not expect to commit turnovers early in the season . a team that won a total of nine games over the past two seasons can't build without bobbles .
bishops across europe this holy week have appealed to their ranks to do more to battle sexual abuse by clergy , and scola promised that italian bishops will " multiply their efforts to prevent cases of pedophilia . "
organizing all of the cases under the same judge , brewer's attorneys argued , " would avoid the risk of potentially conflicting orders and judgments issued by different judges . "
triplett said city officials were impressed that myers had finished a review of the manitou springs , colo . , police department , where he was serving as interim chief .
a police statement said the two men had gotten into altercations several times in recent years . the family wants kelley charged with premeditated first-degree murder , not second-degree murder , with a hate crime allegation , galindo said .
this is whimsy for whimsywordswordswordss sake , and harper is so annoying that shewordswordswordss less a character than a combo of nails on a blackboard and a car alarm .
the bizarre collection of costumes , from the flowing capes of norse gods to the shield and patriotic bodysuit of captain america , is something whedon makes light of in the screenplay , which he co-wrote .
on april 21 , gaston , cornelius and newberg medics were in the boat , just off the lake's shore , when a man went into cardiac arrest in the park . the crew used a defibrillator , bilderback said , and restarted the man's heart . a life flight helicopter took the man to an area hospital . bilderback said the man and his family are planning to attend the dedication ceremony .
cleveland , ohio -- the developers of a downtown casino have an option to buy the ritz-carlton - a prospect that would give dan gilbert and his partners control of a 206-room hotel just a short walk from their gaming hall .
that's because , the facilitator said , when superintendent michael bregy took charge of the district this school year , he announced another shift in the district's top priority - back to core teaching and learning .
as the blues approached the final weekend of the season , hitchcock remained non-committal about who might start in goal when the blues face the san jose sharks in the first round of the playoffs . he also was comfortable in that skin . in short , these blues do not have a no . 1 goalie , they have no . 1 and no . 1a .
shyne thinks the contradiction is in people's minds . " i learn and study as an israelite but live in a world where we have to use guns . it's a tough world out there, " he said while premiering two videos in a jerusalem club this year . " i see soldiers with guns at the kotel wordswordswords the western wall wordswordswords every day . " but he said weapons should be always be used in self-defense : " better to be judged by 12 than carried by six . "
another hurdle for electric cars is lack of public awareness . many americans still know very little about them , or have concerns about cost , range , safety and charging requirements .
7 (237) cam johnson , lb , virginia
goucher and flanagan don't work out together , but they have built a healthy friendship . they went on a wine tasting excursion to yamhill county together with their husbands a couple years ago .
for nearly 20 years , far more nfl stadiums have been built in urban than suburban settings . in that period , 16 of 21 nfl stadiums were built in central cities , 11 of them in downtown districts .
playing cards , fresh flowers and a map or guide to local attractions are among a few finishing touches you might consider to complete the space .
doesn't that sound familiar ? rarely a season passes for this 69-year-old scribe without my hearing similar - regardless of the sport .
that's a testament to a consensus between the prosecution and defense as to andrea sneiderman's relationship with her boss , hemy neuman , who shot the woman's husband four times in the parking lot of dunwoody prep in november 2010 .
after the 35-minute hearing before alquist , mayberg made a point of reassuring alter employees .
steven c . wehner says baltimore racing development llc , the company that he created in his mother's rodgers forge basement five years ago , failed to make payments totaling $575,000 owed to him over five years in exchange for his 10.2 percent stake in the company . wehner is also seeking attorney's fees and interest .
" i like it like it is, " jones said .
steamboat springs - wordswordswords local water providers have launched a rebate program to encourage residents to conserve treated water , and the city of steamboat springs is looking to lead by example .
the order is " certainly a step in the right direction, " said national transportation safety board member robert sumwalt , who is in yuma with the board's accident investigation team .
" actually , i improved his move, " bryant said . " i can shoot mine from the three-point line . he can't do that . "
you see them all across the country , in shopping malls and on street corners , in suburban towns and city centers : zombie restaurants .
michael says she originally entered the congressional race based on one issue - abortion . but now that she is " meeting people and kissing babies " she has greater interest in being a well-rounded candidate .
farnell has retired , but matt murphy , the orange county prosecutor who helped win the most recent convictions against alcala , has a similar prediction .
their descendants have kept this memory sacred to this day in the festival called passover .
deputy district attorney rod norgaard put on some of his strongest evidence last week when he simply rolled the tape of durst's interviews with detectives that were conducted two weeks after the explosion at his next-door neighbor's house in the 3800 block of 25th avenue .
first , i say to the people of new jersey , while the economic hour is dark , there are brighter days ahead . we have the tools to win the battle for a better future . more than our forefathers did ; even more than we realize ourselves .
speaking of food , hotel and restaurant meals add up quickly for families . if you don't have access to free breakfast and nibblies in hotels with club levels (such as the newly remodeled club at the sheraton and hyatt in waikiki) , keep in mind the food courts at royal hawaiian center (upper level) and the waikiki shopping plaza (underground) , which have a mix of " local, " asian and mainland mall-style options .
in a statement , news corp . said : " hard truths have emerged from the select committee report : that there was serious wrongdoing at the news of the world ; that our response to the wrongdoing was too slow and too defensive ; and that some of our employees misled the select committee in 2009 . " but it called some of the report's commentary " unjustified and highly partisan . "
many businesses say they are ready to step up hiring in early 2012 after seeing stronger consumer confidence and greater demand for their products .
on april 30 , the music room moved to its new location in an industrial building near the corner of glassell and collins in orange . during the last four months , the music room has raised $68,000 through donations to assist in the refurbishment of its new location . the music room has been diligently fundraising for its new location through an open house , dinner performances , partnering with local restaurants and sending letters to past and current supporters , but has not been able to reach its initial goal to complete the first stage of construction . the music room is hoping to raise $200,000 to build a state of the art facility for students and instructors .
2006 kerpen wehlener sonnenuhr kabinett riesling ($23) martin kerpen sources this from one of germany's most celebrated vineyards , the wehlener sonnenuhr , with its southwestern exposure directly above the mosel river . it actually needs a bit of time once opened to blossom , but the layers of slate-driven mineral notes and honey accents are already rewarding . the high sugar level technically puts it well into spatlese level , making it surprisingly lavish for the price .
fresh berries (optional)
wordswordswordsso i guess iwordswordswordsll have to bug them about it .
" the biggest issue is what's going on in the markets for the provision of credit , and relatedly , what's going on in the housing market, " matheny says . " while the availability of credit has begun to improve , it's still weak . "
she said pavement for the new lanes is in place and bridgework has been finished . however , the weather has prevented such work as erasing temporary lines painted on the roadway , a project that requires blasting away the paint with water . that must be done before re-striping can occur and the new lanes and bridges can be put into use , she said .
" the reality is that no one was sitting around with seismographs in 1868 , so there is a range " of magnitudes that could be considered most likely or accurate , said david schwartz , chief of the san francisco bay area earthquake hazards project at the usgs .
tough to make .
nutrition information per serving (values are rounded to the nearest whole number) : 519 calories ; 123 calories from fat (24 percent of total calories) ; 14 g fat (6 g saturated ; 0 g trans fats) ; 26 mg cholesterol ; 70 g carbohydrate ; 30 g protein ; 4 g fiber ; 1,058 mg sodium .
west is third on the pacers in scoring at 12.3 points , which is his lowest average since his second year in the league .
the two factories attained bronze status -- the highest ranking for north american facilities to date -- three years after chrysler introduced fiat's world class manufacturing system to improve quality , safety and productivity by eliminating waste and bottlenecks while boosting employee involvement .
each child must come prepared to sing 16 bars of music . an accompanist will be provided . no pre-recorded music or a capella singing is allowed .
mct information services
he has campaigned as the establishment choice , but was beaten badly at times by insurgent favorites , first by former house speaker newt gingrich in south carolina and later in a series of contests by conservative former sen . rick santorum .
" the scariest thing ever, " maria roman , 32 , a law secretary who works on the 11th floor at 26 journal square , said as she stood across the street on sip avenue with co-workers minutes after the rattling . " the first thing that came to me , i swear , was the world trade center . "
in the wild , a coyote has a life span of 10 to 14 years , but just over 20 percent make it to adulthood . october or november is when most pups are mature enough to forage on their own , but those young , inexperienced animals are especially vulnerable . a car apparently hit the coyote i saw . i'll never know if it was a young adult just starting or a mature animal that left behind a mate and family .
sept . 10 vs . nevada
in atlanta , the release of the special investigators ' report followed more than two years of inquiries into huge gains on the 2009 crct . an ajc analysis first detected statistically improbable increases in test scores at two atlanta schools in 2008 . the following year , the ajc published another analysis that found suspicious score changes on the 2009 crct at a dozen atlanta schools .
brian elliott made 26 saves for the blues , who had a franchise-record 30 home victories during the regular season .
" you're in a place in life where you realize everything isn't about you, " she says .
from 1987-90 wordswordswords arbitrator thomas roberts (sept . 21 , 1987) and arbitrator george nicolau (aug . 31 , 1988 , and july 18 , 1990) rule baseball management conspired against free agents following the 1986 , 1987 and 1988 seasons in violation of the sport's labor contract . management settled the cases for a $280 million payment made on jan . 2 , 1991 . among the players affected : jack morris , andre dawson , tim raines , jack clark , lance parrish .
amazingly , in this age of email , mobile phones and constant availability this was all done without prior communication . the county engineerwordswordswordss office is now on record stating there will be more trees cut down , most definitely in the 26-30-foot range from the centerline , possibly more . our property alone could lose 16 trees .
nussbaum is about to take over the huge role of sigmund freud in " freud's last session, " a casting change that will get me back to the mercury theater to see what this man can do . he is not a star . except in chicago .
yet two months after o'malley , a democrat , sailed to victory , mcdonnell showed up in annapolis to attend the inauguration . virginia's governor even praised the man he worked to defeat , calling o'malley " a very smart guy " who " obviously had a record of accomplishments . "
oct . 1 : . . . did you see all those crazy youtube videos of the ny poilice and the protesters ? crazy stuff !
irvine-based flexenergy , a developer of gas turbines and other energy equipment , named jay mitchell as its new chief executive officer . mitchell was most recently the firm's president and chief operating officer .
a federal law enforcement official , speaking on condition of anonymity with the probe in its initial stage , said investigators have the vehicle identification number enabling them to trace the ownership of the suv . it is a 1990s vehicle whose ownership history involves other regions of the country and not new york , said the official , who declined to say which regions .
since taking a college art class nine years earlier , i had hoped to see the sistine chapel for myself . a love of religion or art or history or just plain curiosity have drawn visitors to the vatican city in italy for more than a century . i came partly because of my catholic upbringing but mostly because i wanted to see michelangelo's masterpieces wordswordswords the vault , or ceiling , and " last judgment, " which combined took almost a decade of the artist's life to complete .
the heads of the house and senate intelligence committees on sunday declared that the taliban had grown stronger since president barack obama's deployment of 33,000 more troops to afghanistan in 2010 .
melt 1 tablespoon butter with honey and 1/2 cup brown sugar in a large heavy saucepan and heat , stirring constantly , until mixture comes to a rolling boil . add apples , stirring to coat them with caramel . reduce heat and cook uncovered no more than 5 minutes . do not overcook them to mushiness .
jeff and nancy trim mia's claws .
the program attempts to reduce false alarms , which in turn cuts down the time police officers spend responding to those alarms .
wordswordswordsthis is mario all over again,wordswordswordswordswordswords ross said . wordswordswordsfirst-round talent , get him at the end of the third round.wordswordswordswordswordswords
a yearlong inquirer investigation found that young children - from kindergartners to 10-year-olds - have been assaulting and threatening classmates and staff members with increasing ferocity and sophistication .
tetanus , diphtheria and pertussis wordswordswords called tdap wordswordswords in lieu of a simple td booster ; once , with a td every 10 years ; for everyone 19 to 65 . older than 65 ? tdap or td wordswordswords it depends if you are in contact with an infant or not . ask your doc .
konz , 6-foot-5 and 314 pounds , was projected to go late in the first round by most draft analysts . espn draft analyst mel kiper had him rated as the top center in the draft .
a couple with a stale marriage started its life in my previous film , " ploy . " this is sort of a continuation of that journey . in " ploy " they just argued , but in " nymph " the couple decide to take a vacation hoping it might improve their relationship . but the forest has a different idea for them .
battleship new jersey was built at the philadelphia naval shipyard and launched on dec . 7 , 1942 , the one-year anniversary of the pearl harbor attack .
wordswords cup reduced fat sweet italian or raspberry vinaigrette dressing
jenna katrina had 11 saves and lauree lorensen had five saves for the gaels (2-11-1) .
the index fell in may to 53.5 from april's reading of 60.4 . that was the sharpest one-month drop since 1984 .
michael slid into the front seat , next to the driver , and they raced toward the emergency room .
the pirates ! band of misfits the creators of " wallace & gromit " hit the high seas with this tale of the pirate captain (hugh grant) , who boasts a bodacious beard , a hesitant crew and one plump parrot . the pirates scour for " sparkling booty, " but the captain's idea of treasure ? being named pirate of the year . rated pg .
but , lananna said , wheating probably will go with the rest of the uo team to seattle for the mpsf meet on the oversized , flat oval in the dempsey indoor .
in another district of the capital , qadam , protesters carried a banner reading , " bashar is slaughtering the people and the international community is silent . "
yes , abortion is the law of the land . but as a majority of americans in an august cbs news poll agreed , its practice should be rare .
if protesters muster large enough numbers to block port entrances , arbitrators could declare unsafe working conditions , which would allow port workers to stay home .
1/2 cup whole-wheat flour
gov . john kasich spoke for about 10 minutes , eliciting ovations from those gathered for school and city officials . he said three teachers who chased the accused teen gunman , t.j . lane , and helped injured students were all heroes .
the toll from last year's political standoff that shut down state government is still rising on minnesota's highways .
" it's unfortunate i couldn't stay here , but i'm excited, " broussard said . " i got a lot of family in (los angeles) , and it's a good situation . "
the government had predicted a au$22.6 billion deficit for the current fiscal year when the last budget was announced a year ago . that deficit rose to au$37 billion when economic projections were reviewed in november due to australia's slower-than-expected economic recovery .
meanwhile , flights that were to have been diverted to other airports in poland are being postponed or canceled due to the fog , a frequent occurrence in november in poland .
i suspect jones wanted to write a feminist text , sort of islam 101 for the post-"buffy the vampire slayer " generation . i can't say whether , from a religious point of view , " the jewel of medina " is worth the anguish it's caused , but as literature , it's a misstep-ridden , pleasant-enough mediocrity .
" and the presence of an underground economy makes the seduction of these young people easier . it's high risk . they don't live long . . . . but gangs have , for some , become alternative families . the loss of the family unit is as troublesome as the decline of public education , as important as the loss of jobs in this region . "
he was charged tuesday night with carjacking , aggravated assault , receiving stolen property and weapons offenses , according to fontoura , who said gilyard will also face a charge of hindering prosecution for providing a fake name to the officer who arrested him tuesday .
the library commission voted unanimously thursday to ask denver's mayor and the city council to put a request on the november ballot to raise property taxes and form a district wordswordswords a prospect that has generated controversy from some who believe it would be more expensive than simply raising taxes for the library .
valley companies such as facebook , intel and oracle are all reportedly signed up in support of cispa , which is understandable . they are the ones with the most to lose in a cyberattack . but internet users deserve to have their privacy protected , too . and as the bill now stands , personal privacy protection is all but nonexistent .
simmons , who plans to step down later this year , said brown is " deeply concerned " about providence's finances and understands that its future is tied to that of the city .
upton imposed no probation for sue anne fortune and sentenced her to eight days in jail , with credit for time served , which means she'll serve no jail time .
" all these years , i've seen a lot of good athletes as far as high school athletics , and there was no comparison with (dugan) . what he said , that was quite a compliment . "
he spoke on a manhattan pier where hundreds of navy officers and sailors joined first responders and families of sept . 11 victims for the ceremony .
how fast can it go ? in unison , the club members reply : " how fast do you want to go ? "
shallow vessel with lots of surface area to help develop the coveted " crust " of rice on the bottom . a large oven-safe skillet will work ; make sure it's large enough to hold everything , especially the rice as it cooks and expands .
however , miranda said , the rutgers chapter of sigma gamma rho " remains suspended . "
we all want to be cared about as equal human beings . as a young african-american male , i am asking that not only the chicago police department but chicago as a whole step up and start taking action in their community . the whole community should be more involved and build connections with the youth ; work with the local officers and give them the information they need to help keep the community safe .
in a 48-year coaching career that included stops at three high schools wordswordswords cal poly pomona , long beach state and long beach city college wordswordswords before usc , allice has coached 313 all-americans , 27 olympians , four world record and seven american record-holders .
a retaining wall along mlk collapsed between north park boulevard and ambleside road , spilling the hillside toward the busy artery connecting eastern suburbs to the university circle area . the shifting dirt closed one of three northbound lanes on the winding road . the result ? " a traffic nightmare " during the morning rush hour .
eventually , ware found a job at chang's momofuku ssam bar and , later , at momofuku noodle house . but she continued to follow portland's food scene from afar . when she returned to portland with now-husband kullen two years ago , she was hired as sous chef at nostrana , cathy whims ' italian restaurant in southeast portland .
northeast ohio has yet to finish coping with the depravity of anthony sowell . and now , copley .
" when do you think we're going to get naked ? "
but researchers emphasize that more high-quality comparative studies are needed . one difficulty with performing surgical trials , patel said , is that patients who need surgery don't want to be assigned at random to get a particular procedure or the standard version , a requirement to produce unbiased results .
the case follows a series of freedom of information lawsuits in which epic obtained the technical specifications for the devices and hundreds of complaints about the airport body scanner procedure . epic doesn't object to scanners as secondary screening when there's cause for a more careful examination of specific passengers or for passengers who prefer their use because of prosthetics or other devices that routinely set off metal detectors .
leos are bold and confident like their symbol , the lion . with the sun as your ruling planet and fire your element , the sunset , crafted with french grape-based ciroc vodka (cirocvodka.com) , was especially designed with you in mind . madonna , charlize theron , and jennifer lopez are all leos , and so are literary greats alex haley and alfred , lord tennyson .
" in pink slime , we are looking at a product that is unsavory , but not unsafe -- we don't have any evidence to suggest the ammonia treatment is dangerous, " says sarah klein , a lawyer with cspi . " but the public outcry over this has illustrated a couple things : consumers want to know what's in their food , and the usda needs to take a much closer look at labeling -- not just of ground beef , but of all labeling .
barnes tied it 57-57 , though , by essentially converting a four-point play with a free throw and a 3-pointer after missing the second free throw .
and what does father do ?
march 26 , 2007
one of the hallmarks the league was founded on was the appreciation , recognition and promotion of the female athlete .
tigard -- the city of tigard will get a new mayor next year but how that will happen is up to the sitting council , which means politics are already at play .
not all of theodore's recipes are perfect , and some have pitfalls she doesn't warn you about . for example , her delicious peanut noodles call for soba , made from buckwheat wordswordswords great for gluten-free diets . theodore doesn't caution , though , that they can become hopelessly gummy if you overcook them even a moment .
catching the eye of mckendree's golf program is no small deal . the bearcats , who had six players post scores in the 60s or 70s last year , won the 11-team american midwest conference/dakota athletic conference tournament and qualified for the naia championships last spring . five seniors from the 2010-11 roster are graduating .
we probably have a couple thousand species over these three acres , and i oversee the entire collection . if i hear about a new plant - one that's newly discovered or brought into cultivation for the first time - that i think has potential for us , i'll try and track it down . there's a lot of experimentation involved when bringing new plants to the garden , and the key question is whether or not they'll succeed in our climate . there's a lot of trial and error in finding what works . i'm also in charge of hybridizing plants . i look for two plants that have complementary characteristics and combine them to make something new and possibly better in some way than the original two plants .
singer mario was by-the-numbers on his performances of " crying out for me, " " let me love you " and " break up . " garrett , a hit songwriter for the likes of usher , mario and chris brown who is trying to become an artist in his own right , failed to make a strong case for himself with a set that relied too heavily on the limited appeal of taking off his shirt .
" i had chills, " korsover said after getting her former classmate's autograph . " i was nervous . i couldn't wait . "
the total amount of his daily caffeine intake has to be considered . i feel that a boy his age should not be relying on stimulants to keep him awake during the day . a checkup with the family doctor is a good idea . and if he stops his caffeine tablets , he should do so by slowly decreasing the dose over a period of two weeks .
mormon pioneers and other well-known people in mesa's civic life are buried at the cemetery . they include daniel w . jones , founder of lehi , and benjamin franklin johnson , business agent and private secretary to mormon church founder joseph smith . johnson's seven wives are listed on the back of his headstone , including two named sarah . the front has a picture of a covered wagon .
and anadarko wasn't event the largest taxpayer in weld .
american momentum bank , based in tampa , fla . , agreed to assume all of the deposits from the two banks and to buy essentially all of their assets .
personal story : " i lost two old classmates to something that could have been prevented . losing a friend is not easy . their deaths push me to work harder everyday because tomorrow is not promised and nothing is guaranteed . "
" i texted him even before i decided, " nichol said . " it's kind of fun how far we've come together . i think it can be a good thing . "
i remember the days when it wasn't faceless online search engines that helped me find the best deals on flights , but real live people called travel agents . ivica got me a great bargain to croatia . alla helped me maneuver domestic flights within russia , with an unbeatable price . and fanny planned my dream trip to china with expert ease .
it's the other telltale signs in a difficult season .
itwordswordswordss beyond bizarre , this pile-on evaluation of brodeur , simply because he isnwordswordswordst exactly the goaltender he was 10 years ago . . . .
26 . walter johnson , dt , 1965 , 2/27 , los angeles state , 1965-76 . never missed a game . became a starter his second season . a three-time pro bowl selection with his strength and quick feet .
the house , which cost at least $26.7 million to build , is expected to be the most valuable asset surrendered by the brothers who owned wentzville-based us fidelis . the company collapsed late last year amid allegations of fraudulent business practices .
she's happy in her house , which she describes as wordswordsvery modest and easy to live in wordswords no steps.wordswords
for all the headlines that the greek crisis generated , spain is potentially a much bigger problem . greece makes up about 2 percent of the gross domestic product of the 17 countries that use the euro , but spain makes up 11 percent . its problems also raise questions about how far the crisis will spread .
wordswordswordsif hewordswordswordss half as good as the last guy from delaware , wewordswordswordsre going to be all right,wordswordswords cameron said , a nod to quarterback joe flacco .
oh , hardy-har . he's in a cutting-edge information field people can't live without ; i'm in one whose technology was invented toward the end of the dark ages , when witch-burning was considered entertainment .
yes , it makes repeating a grade an option , but only with the approval of the parents and teacher . without the ability to read well by third grade , all other learning becomes an uphill battle . students who do not read at grade level by the end of third grade are six times more likely to drop out of high school .
wordswordsthen there's another key thing to consider : does he realize that the employee had already been given an answer ?
donny mccaslin quartet 7 p.m . feb . 22 . $15 .
crystal city is sixth in class 2 .
on april 24 there was a monkey sighting reported on sugar maple court in sanford , she said .
the st . lucie county sheriff's office reported that langill , 32 , was arrested sunday night after losing control at a traffic circle , crashing into a concrete fountain and flipping his car .
" i have no intentions of settling with these people that have killed my son, " said patty quarles , whose son gary wayne was among the victims . " they need to be put in jail . "
the new athens , ill . , native who led the cardinals to a world series title in 1982 and to national league championships in ' 85 and ' 87 , will be inducted into the hall of fame in cooperstown , n.y . , in july .
denver-based qwest is oregon's largest phone company , serving portland and much of the rest of the state . centurylink's purchase , valued at more than $10 billion when it was announced in april , awaits approval by state and federal regulators .
put eric clapton and wynton marsalis in the same room , and eventually genius unfolds . that magical spark ignites the revenge blues of " forty-four " one of the 10 tracks on today's release " wynton marsalis and eric clapton play the blues : live from jazz at lincoln center . "
advance meal tickets , that include a bbq dinner , are on sale for $5 adults ; $3 ages 5-12 ; and free for ages 4 and under . tickets at the door cost $7 adults ; $5 kids .
in handmade signs and online petitions , students and alumni have called for spanier's ouster in marked contrast to cheers of support they gave paterno when they stood outside the beloved coach's home on tuesday night then marched en masse on the streets of state college .
after nearly an hour , the judge gingerly rose to exit the restaurant . it was then that mrs . shay , a palestinian woman , married to the man who owns the restaurant , came and embraced her .
leaders of the statewordswordswordss public unions have mounted a fierce opposition to the proposal , urging members to reach out to legislators , lobbying in the halls of the statehouse and issuing blistering news releases questioning lawmakerswordswordswords commitment to collective bargaining .
" violent demonstrations . . . exact a heavy toll , especially on bangladesh's poorest and most vulnerable citizens, " clinton said . " they also send a negative signal to the international community about the investment climate here . "
emily quinnell , who studies social work at the university of wisconsin-madison , had to check some small bags at the gate on a recent flight between minneapolis and denver . there was no room in the bins . she says airlines should have known that charging for luggage would cause passengers to push the limits of what they can bring on board .
wordswordsbodemeister's final work : bob baffert-trained bodemeister went to the churchill track sunday morning for his final work as prep for saturday's run for the roses .
- remove faded flowers when you see them . shear back overgrown , straggly , brownish lobelia , felicia , petunias and sweet alyssum .
greenberg gibbons and vanguard equities announced in september that they had bought the 52-acre solo cup site .
dear neighbors : your neighbor kids do deserve to play for a few hours every day .
to lose those home-based settings could drive parents to choose less safe , less stable child care , said pam mitchell , of the child day care association , which refers parents to licensed day cares in the region .
wordswordswords on april 4 , a vehicle crashed into a property on main street in barnsboro and the driver fled . harrison township police subsequently arrested the 44-year-old mullica hill man and charged him with driving while intoxicated .
" she was separated from employment, " said patrice vick , a dhs spokeswoman , who would not elaborate on keeler's work history other than to say she started in 2007 and worked as a care worker at the six-bed group home serving people with developmental disabilities .
" there was no doubt about it, " he said .
-- s.r . , cleveland
" mom , i couldn't do it, " he announced , when i asked him to put the jar away . really ? how crushing . at least he didn't end up in the hospital . apparently people have become seriously ill from inhaling the cinnamon into their lungs .
oh , and to keep from retching .
posted net income of $638,000 for the third quarter ended oct . 31 . a corporate news column on the online music service's founder on thursday incorrectly stated that the company has yet to turn a profit .
tony lucca (team adam)
also , wordswordswordssudden death is frequently the first indication of the presence of hcm , where 90 percent of deaths in athletes occur in males . this is potentially due to the higher frequency of participation at a higher intensity in male athletics . sixty percent of athletes are of high school age at the time of death.wordswordswordswordswordswords
individuals : kelley robinson , nederland , 18 minutes , 42.31 seconds ; rachel hampton , telluride , 19:29.91 ; birdie hutton , shining mountain waldorf , 19:45.66 ; amber scott , crested butte , 20:02.16 ; rebecca hermann , nederland , 20:10.81 ; corrine huthoefer , vanguard , 20:34.96 ; josephine bush , telluride , 20:36.96 ; miriam roberts , lyons , 20:55.61 ; jessy sweet , vanguard , 21:14.51 ; rachel hough , vanguard , 21:28.46 ; miranda middleton , denver christian , 21:41.26 ; lauren ortmayer , lutheran , 21:43.81 ; bailey kuechenmeister , nederland , 21:45.75 ; loren mudd , c.s . school , 21:45.76 ; jenna mahon , nederland , 22:00.96 ; amber reynolds , sargent , 22:01.36 ; kassidy knutson , wiggins , 22:05.66 ; katherine bush , telluride , 22:08.91 ; mikayla tolley , vanguard , 22:24.51 ; jessica ousley , nederland , 22:33.56 ; olivia raspotnik , lyons , 22:38.66 ; jordyn neely , del norte , 22:46.76 ; jenneah lenzini , vanguard , 22:55.06 ; kristin adams , mancos , 22:59.56 ; shaylin white , rocky ford , 23:07.56 .
they also played recordings of phone calls between dimora and contractor steve pumper , as well as between pumper and then-common pleas judge bridget mccafferty .
no wind advisory for indianapolis today . we've finally banished the breeze . it left town in a hurry .
nationstar has been bulking up with cash in recent weeks , going public and then closing wednesday on $275 million of senior notes due in 2019 .
i get the universality of the human condition ; i understand that we are all sinners , that we all share the same brief moment of life , that we all put our pants on one leg at a time , etc .
no . 2 august martin falcons
if the rams could trade up very cheaply for richardson , they'd probably do it . but that's probably not going to happen . and if it did , why not keep both jackson and richardson on the roster ?
corporate leaders have peered into the future . they've already seen enough to place their bets on what it will bring .
the man is accused of bilking ohio donors out of $2 million from 2005 to 2010 , and an estimated $100 million nationwide . he was represented by defense attorney mark stanton , who told the judge thompson should be granted bail because the accused has no criminal record , is charged with nonviolent offenses and is " essentially penniless . "
usc received $40,000 to help it produce an online video game based on the writings of henry david thoreau . the game world will be a 3-d simulation of walden pond and the neighboring woods outside concord , mass . , where thoreau lived in a cabin for two years during the 1840s , writing journal entries that he later turned into wordswordswordswalden , or life in the woods,wordswordswords his masterpiece of nature writing and philosophy .
" that boosted our confidence, " said slsg goalie nick posey , 14 , of edwardsville . " we thought olympica was probably the best team there . winning the first two games got us excited . "
but three insurance companies wordswords blue shield of california , kaiser permanente and aetna wordswords all refused to cover me , at any price . anthem blue cross said yes wordswords but only if i accepted a plan that would cost more than three times as much as the plan for which i applied , or $1,350 a month . the justification cited by all four insurers : pre-existing conditions .
if he didn't know he could make it through , that sounds like there was a " question " in his mind . and if so , shouldn't jacobs have been listed as " questionable ? " sounds like a good question to me .
the service predicts freezing rain will begin falling as early as friday afternoon , especially at elevations lower than 1,500 feet .
hawaiian may day festival
his casual tone and innate sense of optimism made it feel like everything would be fine . in fact , the beastie boys ' label , emi , followed it up with an announcement that assured fans that the cancer was localized and treatable with immediate surgery . yauch's vocal cords would not be affected . he was expected to make a full recovery .
" we might pull up with a truck with two guys when it should be three, " he said .
in 2010 , fearful that france's deficit and debt could veer out of control , mr . sarkozy announced he would partly undo a 1983 law that had lowered the pension age to 60 from 65 .
" he was convinced he knew what was best for the university of oregon , and it had to be done right now, " said george pernsteiner , chancellor for all seven oregon universities .
watchung wordswordswords borough police report four shoplifting arrests and one unsolved case of shoplifting .
a democrat and lifelong newark resident with 20 years at the sheriffwordswordswordss office , rivera acknowledges he had his own brush with the law in the late 1990s .
the witty youngs remains best known for the quiet , confessional " f*** was i, " the lament of a woman who couldnwordswordswordst stop herself from falling in love with a close friend . she may break out her acoustic guitar when she takes the stage thursday at maxwellwordswordswordss with her three-piece band . yet considering the propulsive sound of her " an unwavering band of light " album , due out feb . 7 , attendees should expect her to rock .
at the santa speedo event , i spoke with a man who'd recently learned he had cancer . he came to the race because he is about to undergo treatment and wanted to drink beer , donate and do a run with one of his best friends before his care got under way . he reminded me that whom you're personally and professionally networked with really matters and can guide what you choose in life .
" i know letterman has indianapolis ties, " the stanford quarterback said . " maybe i'll learn something about the city from him . "
espn could not determine if the system was ever used . the report on today's " outside the lines " says loomis would have been able to eavesdrop on opponents from 2002 to 2004 . the report says the system was disabled in 2005 , when the superdome was heavily damaged by hurricane katrina .
smooth out the necklace on a flat surface . lay the charms next to the rows of chains until you find an arrangement you like . for example , put five charms spread out along the bottom chain , four in the center and three along the top . once you settle on a pattern , use the pliers to attach the 5 mm jump rings to the chains . make sure the jump rings are closed tight so the charms will not fall off .
drones come in a variety of sizes , ranging from large aircraft with 116-foot wingspans to tiny craft that can weigh less than an ounce . under the new faa rules , civilian drones must weigh less than 55 pounds , stay below an altitude of 400 feet and remain within sight of their operators .
the economy likely grew at an annual rate of above 3 percent , a healthy pace .
searched and held for six days . when essex county officials picked him up , he was transported to their jail , where he was again forced to disrobe .
" the key thing is that whoever the regulator is faces no barriers when it snoops around a systemically important institution , that it never encounters an out-of-bounds sign, " said alan blinder , a former fed vice chairman and now a professor at princeton university .
" the last three seasons , it has been a big-ticket item, " rahman said from his south charles street workroom , where he was in the process of lengthening a mink coat . his assistant was putting the finishing touches on the fur-trim collar accents of a cashmere coat .
while lobbying has soared , benefit passing wordswordswords in which lobbyists buy food and gifts for public officials wordswordswords continued its steep decline . lobbyists spent $5,687 last year , down from $7,476 in 2010 . the practice peaked in 1992 , when $163,375 was spent to wine and dine officials .
adding insult to injury , the knicks fans began to jeer the wizards in the fourth quarter . the wizards didn't score a field goal in the final quarter until 6:43 left in the game , and the crowd began chanting the wizards score .
first came the lugar campaign's cryptic promise of " critical " new information about mourdock that would prove he wasn't a conservative . then came the ballyhooed news conference at the marott apartments in indianapolis , where lugar spokesman andy fisher and lugar supporter larry macintyre pointed to a 1992 candidate questionnaire on which mourdock supported the " fairness doctrine " and declined to say whether he would sanction illegal immigrants .
nba , kings at charlotte , 3 p.m . , csnca : will this resemble the same sport played earlier in the day by the thunder and lakers ?
his locker wordswordswords the same one he occupied in his last season with the yankees wordswordswords is filling with gear that includes 10 pairs of footwear and a full mail basket . pettitte will be working out in westchester , where he has a new york home , until he is added to the big league roster sunday .
" clearly the bishops have been very vocal on their views about some of these issues, " said the rev . thomas reese , a catholic priest and senior fellow at the woodstock theological center at georgetown university .
the company , which processes one of every six private sector checks , saw sales pick up in all three of its units during the quarter ending march 31 , the third of its fiscal year , with its employer services and peo services lines seeing a combined 12 percent gain . peo services , the companywordswordswordss human resources unit , saw the biggest gains , growing 15 percent as the number of employees paid through it increased to 260,000 .
atlantic city , n.j . -- think of a casino and what comes to mind : dark , low-ceilinged , warehouse-like aisles of slot machines and card tables , bathed in cigarette smoke .
" i give my big (girls) a chance to get going before i do, " chappelle said . " i can get my game later , but i've to get them going early so they can get their confidence so we can do it as a team . "
elise kauzlaric wordswordswords " punk rock " wordswordswords griffin theatre company
with air evacuation , planes fly in to the war zone carrying cargo , are retrofitted as flying hospitals and depart carrying casualties . to skala , the challenge of deployment is less the work than the waiting .
a florida court has given preliminary approval to bank of america corp.'s $410 million settlement of a federal lawsuit accusing the bank of charging excessive overdraft fees .
by contrast , the brockton fundwordswordswordss shares are valued at around $500,000 , said hub attorney jeffrey block , who is representing the brockton retirement board .
about 660 have been torn down since january , compared to 860 that were demolished in all of 2009 . the 450 houses targeted by wayne county are among 3,000 on bing's demolition list this year .
" one of our missions is to train physicians for the state of missouri, " said weldon webb , associate dean for rural health .
yin walked his class through the rules of entrapment , a legal concept that means the government has planted the idea of committing a crime in the mind of a target who ordinarily wouldn't have considered it on his own . then the professor threw open the door to debate , finding his students split on whether mohamud had been entrapped .
webb had a tougher time of it . working against john abraham , who was tied for fifth in the league last season with 13 sacks , webb played well on the first few series before the veteran began to make adjustments . by the end of the day , webb was twice beaten to the outside and gave up sacks . he was also flagged for holding twice in the second half .
" this is the first year it's been this bad,' ' said ms . keely , a west des moines , iowa , financial adviser . frustrated , she's written airlines and received boilerplate explanations of availability limits on awards .
wordswordswordsthatwordswordswordss where the bottleneck comes from,wordswordswords gaeta said .
1 teaspoon maple syrup
a gun , which balfour allegedly stole months before from hudsonwordswordss brother , was recovered in a lot near where the suv was found and will be presented as the murder weapon .
that said , shen said there might be some clues that it's about a lack of supply . between 2007 and 2010 , during the depths of the recession , the gap between the median pay for science and engineering jobs and the national median increased from $34,000 to $37,000 .
wordswordswordsshe died a couple of years ago , but we always had the best time,wordswordswords she recalled . wordswordswordsthatwordswordswordss probably why iwordswordswordsm drawn to spend time with older people.wordswordswords
midway down the spiral are plants that require a bit more moisture and somewhat richer soil , such as sage , tarragon , basil and cilantro , druckenbrod said . the lowest portion is home to plants such as parsley , chives and mint , which like abundant water and soil rich in nutrients and organic matter .
several major lenders temporarily suspended their foreclosures to review thousands of cases for improper handling . attorney generals in all 50 states have also launched a joint investigation into the issue .
benton said in all his previous years working at the capitol he never witnessed the senate struggle so much to focus on budgeting during a short session .
" why are you asking me ? " janet replied .
religious websites may be worse for your computer than porn destinations , a new report claims .
there were still signs of health : a third of the buyers were first-timers . fewer of the properties were deeply discounted foreclosures wordswordswords 29% of the total compared with 34% in february . the median price for previously owned homes was $163,800 wordswordswords up 2.5% from that of a year earlier .
ibm said it wants to make the world better . and it thinks getting access to city leaders will also open doors for business .
wordswordswordswewordswordswordsve had a heck of week,wordswordswords bollendorf said , adding that petolicchiowordswordswordss role as a counselor was key to helping students make it through the difficult time . he talked about the way in which both petolicchio and morriswordswordswordsnicknamed t-money due to his economic lessonswordswordswordsdisplay a wordswordswordsdeep sense of caring and connection,wordswordswords with the students . he talked about the uniqueness of the two receiving the award , in the fact the petolicchio in a graduate of wths and even had morris as a teacher years ago . bollendorf also extended his appreciation to all of the educators honored that evening .
" all forged, " park said .
nicole warren scored second-half goals and culver randolph had the shutout as the fourth-seeded mustangs (9-12) eliminated the longhorns (11-11) in opening-round district 4 action at lafayette .
makar , a graduate of st . peterwordswordswordss college in jersey city , began her acclaimed career at hudson catholic regional high school . two years into her career , she was honored as the best science teacher in north american and was named chairwoman of the science department .
one spot grabbed me , though : a sign near 159th street and ridgeview avenue in kansas city , kan . , marks a spot where the sante fe and oregon trails intersect . i imagined us in a covered wagon , not a kia sorento . go west , old men .
all things being equal , it is an event that would be worth holding again , but not one that a cash-strapped city should be in the business of subsidizing any further . baltimore spent nearly $7 million on road repairs before the race . although that was mostly federal money that could not have been spent on , say , keeping recreation centers open , it did amount to concentrating a large chunk of transportation funds in one area that might not otherwise have been at the top of the priority list . and the cost of police and other services for the race amounted to $750,000 .
" for prices to continue their ascent , a new event or exacerbation of existing events will be necessary, " said richard soultanian of nus consulting . " should this come to pass , we believe prices will spike . "
reportedly , fleming said as he went around the car , a vehicle behind him sped up and passed the stopped car and fleming in the lane for oncoming traffic . the driver of the vehicle , whom police identified as christopher williams , 30 , of beaverton , then cut back in front of fleming and slammed on his brakes , rowe said .
the specialist :
wordswordswordsworking with roddy piper was amazing because growing up , roddy piper was the man, " bryan said . " he was the first guy i remember thinking , ' this is the first cool bad guy . ' just to be on the piper's pit was awesome . and then to slap roddy piper in the face , i mean if you would have told me that 12 years ago when i started wrestling that i would be on piper's pit slapping roddy piper in the face , i would have never believed you . it was an incredible experience.wordswordswords
harris and staff have compensated with some appealing allures . a nightly prime rib buffet is on offer for $19.95 , $6.95 for children ages 6 to 12 . it's a good deal , with several other hot entrees and side veggies , a small but appealing salad bar , and butter-tender prime rib carved with care and plated with fetching horseradish cream .
brusselswordswordswordsan initial agreement on a new bailout loan for debt-ridden greece could be reached as early as this week , and then discussed at a special summit of euro-zone leaders next month , officials from the euro zone and international monetary fund said monday .
michael david of lodi for its 2008 6th sense syrah (no . 11) , uvaggio 2009 moscato secco from lodi (no . 25) , easton 2009 monarch mine vineyard sauvignon blanc from the sierra foothills (no . 30) and terre rouge 2009 viognier from the shenandoah valley (no . 63) .
odds are that most people get to menlo park by car , as i do . i would find it difficult to pick up a rug from the oriental carpet , for example , and haul it home on my bike .
seven years later , she's done all of that and is well on her way to becoming fluent in english and gaining citizenship through services she is receiving from the international institute . the organization provides classes and resources to refugees resettling in st . louis .
the main course included an oversize plate with slices of still-pink pork topped with pickled daikon , two knobs of well-seared kobe beef with garlic paste , and a claw and half a lobster tail , spicy with morimoto's seven-spice blend , next to a puff of whipped cream with the light texture of soft meringue and bright lemon flavor .
marguerita grill , 10200 w hall's river road , homosassa (near marker 9 on hall's river , off homosassa river) ; (352) 628-1336 . dock slips for five boats , full bar , indoor/outdoor seating . seafood , steaks , sandwiches ; $6-$16.95 .
wordswords medium white onion , sliced
wordswordswordsthe next stage is a very awkward stage,wordswordswords one ep says . wordswordswordsitwordswordswordss between a walk and a run . try to walk it out if you can.wordswordswords
for st . charles mayor sally faith , who finally decided kelly didn't have to pay that obviously erroneous water bill : a proofreader to catch suspiciously high amounts on bills before they are mailed .
sex offenders can be classified as sexually violent predators and remain confined in a treatment center until deemed safe for release , said jack banas , st . charles county prosecuting attorney .
but the vikings have appeared more intrigued by the linden avenue site , tucked into a little-traveled corner on the western edge of downtown , in a scrubby industrial area dotted with low-slung xcel energy storage and maintenance buildings and surrounded on three sides by freeways .
west continued his recent strong play by having his best game of the season . he finished with a season-high 32 points to go with 12 rebounds .
class 2 district 2
the scottsdale resident drives into phoenix and pulls into the lot at bell road and arizona 51 .
los angeles wordswords jack wagner remains among " the bold and the beautiful, " but his time on " dancing with the stars " is done .
student debt has followed a similar trajectory .
wordswordsi'm a single working mother , and there's no way i could afford this,wordswords she says . wordswordsmany people here at the kansas city ballet have worked hard to help us , and it means so much to us.wordswords
movie director jane campion is 58 .
wordswordswhat is the license plate number , if known , of the abandoned vehicle .
but this is where the comparisons differ . no one found woods ' golf ball at the wells fargo championship . the evidence official mark russell had when making the ruling pointed toward a stolen ball , and the wide-open area of trampled pine straw (along with the nature of the trees) supported that .
a first year starter , o'keefe is the warriors ' second-leading scorer at 10.6 points per game and the leading rebounder . she also been one of granite city's better defenders .
the press reported that on monday , arno's attorney , eric shenkus , told the judge he wants to tour the parking garage so he knows where the cameras are located . he said he has pictures from various angles but is hoping his investigator can put together a multidimensional map from the information gathered from a walk-through of the facility .
tens of thousands poured into the street in cities and towns across the country after noon prayers in mosques , according to the britain-based syrian observatory of human rights , an activist group that mains a network of monitors on the ground . the turnout was higher than in recent weeks , when a government crackdown and heavy security presence discouraged demonstrators .
as for the directors , each one was behind one of the multi-nominated , best-picture contenders wordswordswords aronofsky for wordswordswordsblack swan,wordswordswords david o . russell for wordswordswordsthe fighter,wordswordswords tom hooper for wordswordswordsthe kings speech,wordswordswords david fincher for wordswordswordsthe social networkwordswordswords and joel and ethan coen for wordswordswordstrue grit.wordswordswords aronofsky was playing legos with his son when the news came , and later said through a publicist that he was wordswordswordsincredibly touched and humbled . i grew up watching the awards and never thought this would be my reality.wordswordswords
rome wordswordswords italian rescue workers suspended operations today after a stricken cruise ship shifted slightly on the rocks near the tuscan coast , creating deep concerns about the safety of divers and firefighters searching for the 22 people still missing .
resident and veterinarian matthew wheaton said once people know of the inhumane conditions animals come from , they're unwilling to buy from pet stores . supporting the stores is supporting animal abuse , he said , but most buyers are unwittingly drawn in by the sight of a cute puppy in the window .
anyway , itwordswordswordss pretty dark but you can see a little distance . the sea is pretty rough , and there are large waves breaking all over . iwordswordswordsm still fine , thank god .
customers who went to the stores before calling for a rebate number had fewer problems .
wordswords"then by that definition , if the guy in front of you is disturbing that area , then your car is not going to be able to go as fast as it could in clean air .
if the short sale is not under the government program , the clock starts ticking when the borrower submits a short sale offer from a potential buyer and a completed borrower response package .
survivors include his wife , charlotte ; a daughter , kristina ; and two brothers , bruce and stephen .
wordswordswordseurope is going to stay on the front page,wordswordswords philip orlando , the new york-based chief equity strategist at federated investors inc . , which oversees about $370 billion , said in a phone interview . wordswordswordstherewordswordswordss potential headline risk there,wordswordswords he said . wordswordswordsthe u.s . jobless claims are good . this gives us the read-through that maywordswordswordss jobs numbers are likely going to be better . yet tomorrowwordswordswordss report will still be consistent with this temporary soft patch.wordswordswords
" it's all they've got, " black said . " they can't run on his record . "
" people have a real choice between a strong measure and one that is weak and is going to require going back to voters in two or three years, " he said .
if your family budget is running on fumes , getting free fuel for the car is mighty appealing . but before you book your summer vacation hotel , check under the shiny hood of its offer to pay $10 or even $75 of your gas costs . nothing is really free , and these proliferating promotions are no exception .
said parsh : " everything i learned from basketball , i learned from coach mckenna . "
don't forget to include the locals , stuckey advises . " they reveal the character of a destination more than any other photographic subject, " he says . " shoot them while they're interacting with a member of your party . "
typically , a presidential candidate will seek to balance whatever weakness or resume gap he has , such as president george w . bush tapping dick cheney because of his foreign policy and national security experience .
q : can the humidity be over 100 percent ?
since the series resumed in 2008 , it's been men-only . all three meets have taken place in eugene .
greg giroux of june lake , calif . , located along the eastern sierra just west of yosemite national park , also was impressed .
helf built more than 3,500 residential units in ohio , mostly in greater cleveland , and more than 2,000 in florida . his projects included lake house on the gold coast , empire house near shaker square , waldorf towers overlooking little italy and sandalfoot cove in palm beach county .
" there was never any doubt these kids would pick him out, " says yawger . " there's no doubt he was the guy , but you have to have an identification . . . . those kids - when none of them picked him out , i was just flabbergasted . "
the rail authority contends that its operating cost projections are sound , derived from a sophisticated computer model . the system will turn a profit and won't require operating subsidies , rail officials insist .
* here are some strong words from retired five-time gold glove center fielder andy van slyke , who believes colby rasmus needs to be more aggressive in going back on balls in center field . van slyke spoke monday on my 101 espn radio show . he was asked to evaluate rasmus ' play in cf and raz's failure to make critical late-game catches near the fence on friday and saturday in san francisco . the cardinals lost both games .
wordswordswordshe had to plan this,wordswordswords thompson said , calling the murder a wordswordswordscold and calculatingwordswordswords homicide .
ready's girlfriend , 47-year-old lisa lynn mederos , made a domestic-violence call to 911 asking the police to come help her on wednesday . seconds later , the operator heard gunshots and the line went dead .
the progressive american bistro also turns out some excellent pasta . i loved the subtlety of house-made fettuccine with ochre chanterelles , green garlic and shallots in a light chanterelle cream sauce . on the heartier side , double-wide noodles come with braised wild boar shoulder and shaved brussels sprouts in the braising juices .
uncertainty in the budgeting process has lasting consequences . it affected our veterans when the veterans health administration was forced to delay hundreds of millions of dollars in repairs to veterans ' hospitals .
el dorado 20 13 12 9 wordswords 54
what a total life change for roxy wordswordswords from being sick and (presumably) abandoned , roxy was treated and loved , and she moved on to enjoy her " golden years " in plainsboro with her new person .
petsch partly credits u.s . rep . frank lobiondo for helping to secure the funding .
wordswordswords rasheed abdul-haaq 1,100
annette fuentes is the author of the just-published book " lockdown high : when the schoolhouse becomes a jailhouse . " she wrote this for progressive media project , a source of liberal commentary on domestic and international issues . it was distributed by mcclatchy-tribune .
portland-based legacy health will cut as many as 400 positions , most of them in the metro area , to cope with a $40 million budget hole .
michael skindell
wordswordswordswe really felt a trust in one another , felt a confidence in one another and really just play team basketball,wordswordswords junior darius miller said . wordswordswordsnobody has any huge egos or anything like that of who makes the plays . we just want to win.wordswordswords
although harris downplayed the significance of wallacewordswordswordss race , saying he was more concerned that christiewordswordswordss move would politicize the court , other leaders were more blunt .
village idiot , 7383 melrose ave . , los angeles 90046 ; (323) 655-3331 , http://www.villageidiotla.com . a mod-pub retreat , with brick walls , high ceiling , black ducts . popular for watching soccer . lunch and dinner daily , with breakfast on weekends . most dinner main dishes , $11-$17 .
it was time for the defense to revert to clubs . east led the four to partner's jack , and the diamond return permitted east to ruff for a second undertrick . (05/01/12)
" i don't have an answer for it, " aldridge said . " if i had an answer , i'd be telling all the guys to do it (during the game) . i'm just as frustrated as everybody else right now . "
other notable free agents (2011 team in parenthesis) : jacob tamme (indianapolis colts) , jeremy shockey (carolina panthers) , joel dreesen (houston texans) , bo scaife (cincinnati bengals) , kellen davis (chicago bears) .
there's no giving him the benefit of the doubt on the texas tech situation , however . he misused his position to influence espn's coverage of the scandal that cost mike leach his job .
net sales for the products it sold to mass retailers , home centers , independent paint dealers , hardware stores , auto retailers and industrial distributors increased 6.2 percent for the quarter and 5.9 percent for the year .
david rubin , an attorney for the administrators association , said that while the ruling was disappointing , it also reaffirmed the associationwordswordswordss contention that schools superintendents are allowed to accrue sick time payouts of exceeding $15,000 if theywordswordswordsre slated to get that under contracts signed before the law took effect . it didnwordswordswordst address the question of whether automatic renewal of a superintendent is considered a new contract .
the car : 2013 nissan gt-r
twice-wed carmen electra is planning on tying the knot with guitarist rob patterson , who popped the question over the weekend with a huge black diamond ring , people reports .
supporters say the state is protected by its existing conscience exemptions and note the bill has a self-destruct clause nullifying it in the event it were found to conflict with federal law . they say it would simply ensure that women in washington -- one of four states to have legalized abortion before the landmark 1973 roe v . wade decision -- continue to have easy access to abortions once federal health care reforms are enacted in 2014 .
the electric rav4 goes on sale in california this summer . toyota expects to sell 2,600 rav4 evs over the next three years .
45 -- percent of consumers who shop on black friday or cyber monday
inspired by a true story , it begins with a date night at the movies for young marrieds paige (mcadams) and leo (tatum) . then an accident on the way home , capped by a trip to the emergency room that feels like a pale version of " grey's anatomy, " changes everything . when paige wakes up from a medically induced coma , her memory has been wiped clean , and thus starts leo's bid to help her remember their life and their love , and when she doesn't , he tries to get her to fall for him again .
in " the joy of drinking, " author barbara holland addresses the national institutes of health's " pompous treatise " against readministration of alcohol (more widely known as " the hair of the dog that bit you") to cure the hangover , for fear that it encourages alcoholism .
of the reconstructions -- the birth cabin , boyhood homes and this -- new salem is the one that feels most right .
everett reaves , owner of the keg bar in roundup , said a number of people are coming out to his bar .
if contador appeals to the swiss federal tribunal , the court can decide the legal process was abused but would not examine the merits of the evidence . a federal appeal process typically takes several months , though the court rarely overrules cas .
" you asked for relief and we delivered, " cuomo said in a joint statement with christie .
in other words , unless you work side-by-side with angelina jolie , you're probably unaware of what body art lurks beneath the clothing of your co-workers .
on wednesday , the conservative justices targeted a provision that provides funding for states to enroll 17 million more people in their medicaid programs over the next decade , a key pillar of the law's program for expanding coverage .
the report states plainly that voluntary industry standards haven't been sufficient , a view reinforced by the sector's repeated privacy gaffes , including the revelation that facebook apps were sharing identifying information with advertisers ; the news that the path social-networking app was uploading address books from smart phones ; and a recent report that found google and several other advertisers circumventing the privacy settings in apple's safari browser .
" she still has rehabilitation to go through and a lot of recovery . so she's not ready to come back full time . but she wanted her district to have its voice here on probably the most important vote we'll cast this congress, " wasserman schultz said .
the administration is encouraging congress to provide both the federal trade commission and state attorneys general with the authority to enforce the consumer privacy bill of rights .
plain dealer reporters amanda garrett and laura johnston contributed to this story
but when news broke last month about a bill pushed by his fellow republicans that would restrict discussion of sexual orientation in public schools wordswordswords dubbed the wordswordswordsdonwordswordswordst say gaywordswordswords bill wordswordswords wyatt finally knew what he had to do .
vescolani takes the job after a management shake-up and budget-cutting moves at the institution .
vote wordswordswordsnowordswordswords if . . . you think public workers should retain the collective bargaining power given them in the current law . if you are concerned that public employers would recklessly cut services - issue 2 opponents say claim there will be fewer safety forces on the job - with their new authority . if you consider of the changes listed above unacceptable .
the interlopers took away chickens they had brought to the land wednesday morning , fearing they would be seized in a police sweep .
next , a website devoted to tv news themes , local and nationally . you can download , for example , " the big news " theme from the early days of channel 2 news at columbia square . here is the link : www.southernmedia-nmsa.com .
while christie did not mention social issues in his veto last month , democrats have said the move was based on ideology . the bill specifically says clinics , which provide birth control and health screenings , cannot use the money for abortions .
a computer science and electrical engineering graduate from uc berkeley , ryan cofounded green vehicles in 2007 with valley intellectual property lawyer ehab youssef after selling a small chip company in irvine to broadcom and dabbling in real estate for a while .
espn is taking the weekend off and nbc sports network is committed to saturdaywordswordswordss matchup between the mediocre columbus crew (2-2-0) and the floundering philadelphia union (0-3-1) . meanwhile , the docket features a meeting between the clear top two in this weekwordswordswordss sporting news power poll and an intriguing undercard pitting club no . 3 against club no . 4 .
tony's take : too much riding on it for ravens to stumble . ravens , 27-17 .
the other two were sure they had the guts to fire up the chainsaw . they were just itching to cut government and grow business .
the investment has been sound for the bank , robb said .
even the hurdles weren't bad , with my long legs and the light frame . dismounting from a roll straight into a jog took a few tries , but i got it , and to clear the hurdles , all i had to do was clutch the bike at my side .
these days , ice cube of n.w.a is starring in establishment screwball comedies and producing movies . therewordswordswordss a traditionalist entertainer hidden inside tyler somewhere . give him a few years , and itwordswordswordsll all become clear .
gov . chris christie supports the bill , known as the opportunity scholarship act .
another reason is to see what insights and conclusions blossom as a result of teaming up professional environmental consultants , state wildlife authorities , university ecologists and students to wade through swamp , hike across meadows of saw palmetto and venture into the night in search of frogs .
this week , with may sweeps and the tv season ending wednesday , mostly marks time leading into the memorial day weekend . after that , look for an explosion of new summer programming . but meanwhile , say some goodbyes .
but it's not as simple as that , and herzog knows as much . with his camera , his compassion , and his keen reportorial skills (despite a few maddeningly leading questions) , herzog heads for the lone star state , retracing the events behind a triple homicide in conroe , texas , 10 years earlier .
women account for one third of the adult and adolescent hiv/aids cases in the state .
hey , jody : this sounds like a math problem and you know i start to break out in hives when confronted with such things .
he did not give specifics , but said the speech would be the beginning of a process to determine the best way to serve the needs , wants and demands of the community . the process will include community meetings , focus groups and/or community surveys .
2010 : borders employs more than 19,000 people at about 650 stores . the most recent earnings report , released in early december , said borders had lost $185 million for the first nine months of the fiscal year , after losing $169 million for the same period a year earlier .
washington -- with the well-being of millions of americans and the u.s . economy at a pivotal point , federal reserve chairman ben s . bernanke faces a crucial decision -- and he faces it almost alone on a world stage .
wordswordswordsi think about her every time i step on the court because this is what she loved watching me do,wordswordswords clark said . wordswordswordsso every time i step on the court , i dedicate my game to her , i think about her , you know , talk to her before the games , ask her to guide me through this game , keep me safe . so i think about her every single time i step on the court.wordswordswords
some school officials have said that the cap makes it harder to recruit and keep experienced administrators .
but for 45-year-old sinologist paul french , one historical event stands out above the rest : one morning in 1937 , the mutilated corpse of a 19-year-old british woman was found at the base of the tower , her organs removed with surgical precision .
boston then began the 17th with a single and walk against davis (1-0) . with a fastball in the mid-80s mph , he struck out all-star slugger adrian gonzalez and got mcdonald to ground into a double play to end a game that took 6 hours , 7 minutes .
" it has been my dream my whole life to have my own business but also be a part of something where i am connected to the community, " philip , 43 , said . " i've been working with a homeless shelter raising money and also coordinating volunteers . being successful in business and giving back is something i also talk about when i consult with companies . "
saddle river wordswordswords a man who overdosed on stolen drugs he ingested at a party in 2007 has settled his lawsuit with a pharmacy , several guests , the party's host and the host's mother for $4.1 million .
the fund was set up by friends of the allen family , which was rocked to its core april 12 when kevin allen , 51 , walked into the brooklyn cracker barrel and fatally shot his 42-year-old wife , kate , and 10-year-old daughter kerri , and injured his other daughter , kayla , also 10 .
lisa perkin , a wine marketer from san francisco , is aboard the 68-foot race boat new york , one of 10 international teams in the biannual clipper round the world race .
eugene pulliam was the influential owner of the phoenix newspapers , and his wife , nina , was a newspaperwoman in her own right and later became known for her charitable work . the nina mason pulliam charitable trust continues her efforts . pullian died in 1975 and his widow in 1997 .
since july 16 , when terri was forced out of the home on sheltered nook road , she's lived with her parents in roseburg . she's rarely been seen in public under orders from defense attorney stephen houze .
caouette was also the first to offer help .
jackson has also been charged by newark , del . police with reckless endangerment for leaving the child in the gas station .
there will be 76 teams competing at the festival .
" but i'm certain,' ' she said , " there are probably some individual cases where it's , ' we're not too proud of this , things fell through the cracks , there may have been signs , and we don't want to acknowledge that . ' "
magnolia springs bed & breakfast . four rooms and a two-room suite in a restored circa-1897 house , complete with a rocking-chair-filled wraparound porch . rates $149-$229 . an array of adventure , romance and culinary packages
not later this year . not ever .
foreign-born individuals who are naturalized citizens might even be more qualified than the average natural-born citizen . after all , they have been certified by the naturalization process to have actual knowledge about the american political system . some recent candidates for president and vice president seemed to have some gaps in this regard .
it's too bad vets in ohio went to war not just over the idea but also over the date itself -- and wound up with the wrong one .
tom coughlin said at the nfl scouting combine last month he didn't believe ahmad bradshaw would need surgery on his foot . that's apparently still the case , though the giants ' running back did require some form of procedure recently .
police received a 911 call at 3:52 a.m . and found the two teenagers suffering from stab wounds , said middlesex county prosecutor bruce kaplan .
the army's representatives wield enormous power . changes to the constitution require a 75 percent majority , meaning that it is all but impossible without military approval .
david : it's an industry-wide practice to sabotage older users and try to force them to move into newer (more expensive) contracts . when they start out trying to gain market share , they make the offers and promises . when they succeed in acquiring a large market share , they start throwing their weight around and bullying the individual consumers .
" digital river's growth of the top line has been nothing to write home about , and the company's level of spending has been more aggressive than some investors had been hoping for, " ives said .
3/23/12 - norfolk , va - constant convocation center
